English content: The road to the formation of a new government is clear: the majority of SPD members have supported their party's participation in a new coalition with the Union. They voted with a majority of 66.02 percent for the CDU / CSU negotiated coalition agreement, as the SPD announced. With No voted 33.98 percent, said the head of the Credentials and Zählkommission the SPD, Dietmar Nietan with. "We now have clarity," the acting SPD leader Olaf Scholz said. He has already informed CDU leader Angela Merkel about the result of the vote. "The SPD will enter the government," Scholz said. The party wants to decide on the occupation of ministerial posts in the coming days. Half of the SPD leaders want to send female and male ministers, Scholz announced. Among the departmental chiefs should be ministers who have officiated so far, some would be new. Scholz, currently mayor in Hamburg, is considered to be set for the post of finance minister and as Vizekanzler.161 days after the election so is it the longest government in the final phase. Merkel's election as Chancellor is scheduled for March 14 in the Bundestag. There, the AFD will be the largest opposition party.463,722 SPD members were called from February 20 to March 2 to decide on a new edition of the Grand Coalition. The SPD leadership had campaigned for a GroKo. Overall, 378,437 votes were cast, of which 362,933 were valid at the end. The participation was thus 78.39 percent. 239,604 members voted yes, 123,329 no. This was announced by treasurer Nietan, who was responsible for the count. Also in 2013, the SPD members were able to decide on the then upcoming GroKo. At that time, the participation was almost 78 percent - and thus only marginally lower than today. Yes then voted 75.96 Prozent.GroKo opponents Kühnert disappointed "Members of the SPD followed by a large majority the proposal of the national leadership," said interim party leader Scholz. So now give it clarity. Scholz spoke of exciting and important debates in the discussion on the coalition agreement with the CDU and the CSU. "We continued to grow together in the discussion," he added. Thus, the SPD has the strength for the process of renewal. The opponents of another grand coalition were disappointed. Juso CEO Kevin Kühnert tweeted: "We started to win, so first disappointment." He had been in the lead against a new coalition with the Union. (Other reactions to the members vote for the SPD, click here.) VIDEO Flash analysis: "The SPD has the nay-sayers now include" 120 sent through the national association volunteers had met in Willy-Brandt-Haus and on Saturday evening at 22 o'clock started to count the votes of the members vote, (more about the exact process read here) .As treasurer Nietan the Willy Brandt house thanked the campaign workers for their commitment, there was great applause. After the announcement of the result, however, there was silence.Who is behind Civey? Civey is an online polling institute based in Berlin. The start-up cooperates with various partners, including SPIEGEL ONLINE as well as the "Tagesspiegel", "Cicero", the "Freitag" and Change.org. Civey is funded by the ProFit funding program of the Investitionsbank Berlin and the European Regional Development Fund.aar / kuz / mmq / dpa / Reuters 
 English-2 content:The path to forming a new government is clear: the majority of SPD members have supported their party's participation in a new coalition with the Union. They voted with a majority of 66.02 percent for the negotiated coalition agreement of the CDU / CSU, as the SPD announced. With no, 33.98 percent voted, said the head of the electoral and counting commission of the SPD, Dietmar Nietan. "We now have clarity," said reigning SPD leader Olaf Scholz. He has already informed the CDU leader Angela Merkel about the outcome of the vote. "The SPD will enter the government," said Scholz. The party wants to decide in the coming days on the occupation of ministerial posts. Half of the SPD leaders want to send female and male ministers, announced Scholz. Among the department heads should be ministers who have officiated so far, some would be new. Scholz, currently mayor in Hamburg, is considered a candidate for the post of finance minister and vice-chancellor.161 days after the election, it is the longest government in its final phase. Merkel's election as Federal Chancellor is scheduled for March 14 in the Bundestag. There, the AFD will be the largest opposition party.463.722 SPD members were called to a new edition of the Grand Coalition from 20 February to 2 March. The SPD leadership had campaigned for a GroKo. In total, 378,437 votes were cast, of which 362,933 were valid at the end. The participation was thus 78.39 percent. 239,604 members voted yes, 123,329 no. This was announced by Treasurer Nietan, who was responsible for the count. Also in 2013, the SPD members could decide on the then upcoming GroKo. At that time, the participation was almost 78 percent - and thus only slightly lower than today. Yes, then voted 75.96 percent. KroKo opponents Kühnert disappointed "Members of the SPD followed by a large majority the proposal of the national leadership," said interim party leader Scholz. So, now give it clarity. Scholz spoke of exciting and important debates in the discussion about the coalition agreement with the CDU and the CSU. "We continued to grow together in the discussion," he added. Thus, the SPD has the strength for the renewal process. The opponents of another grand coalition were disappointed. Juso CEO Kevin Kühnert tweeted: "We started winning, so first disappointment." He had taken the lead against a new coalition with the Union. (Further reactions to the members vote for the SPD, click here.) VIDEO Flash analysis: "The SPD has now sent the naysayers" 120 volunteers posted by the National Association had at the Willy Brandt House and on Saturday night at 22 o'clock started to count the votes of the members counting, (read more about the exact process here). As treasurer Nietan the Willy Brandt House thanked the campaign workers for their commitment, there was great applause. After the announcement of the result, however, there was silence. Who is behind Civey? Civey is an online polling institute based in Berlin. The start-up cooperates with various partners, including SPIEGEL ONLINE as well as the "Tagesspiegel", "Cicero", the "Friday" and Change.org. Civey is funded by the ProFit funding program of the Investitionsbank Berlin and the European Regional Development Fund.aar / kuz / mmq / dpa / Reuters 

English content: The SPD has decided - and apparently voted for a new edition of the Grand Coalition! A good five months after the election, German Chancellor Angela Merkel can finally form a new government. 369,680 votes of SPD members (77.86 percent) had been counted before. That reports the "ZDF". More soon on FOCUS Online 
 English-2 content:The SPD has decided - and apparently voted for a new edition of the Grand Coalition! Just over five months after the elections, German Chancellor Angela Merkel can finally form a new government. 369,680 votes of the SPD members (77.86 percent) had been counted before. This reports the "ZDF". More on FOCUS Online soon 

English content: The 161st day after the election will finally be decided. Does Germany have a new government or not? 
 English-2 content:The 161st day after the election will be finalized. Does Germany have a new government or not? 

English content: Italy goalkeeping legend Gianluigi Buffon dedicates a moving farewell letter to the late Davide Astori. 
 English-2 content:Italian goalie legend Gianluigi Buffon dedicates a moving farewell letter to the late Davide Astori. 

English content: N
Let us suppose that the Social Democrats are doing what they have been doing in incomprehensible, painful, even outrageous and irresponsible ways for a long time: they disassemble themselves. Suppose they do it this time by a member vote. Let us further assume that a minority government does not work in our country. Because its top politicians always seem to have a single-minded and pragmatic appearance, but in reality they have a completely empty self-confidence, worn down by demoscopic considerations, talk shows and interviews as well as the constant repetition of their own pronouncements. Suppose that such people simply would not bear to constantly struggle for approval from others. That they could not endure living through entire legislatures in the way that characterized their exploratory and coalition negotiations. Let's hypothetically assume that there will be new elections. And now the question: Who should choose Jörg Sartor under these circumstances? You, dear readers, have heard from Jörg Sartor. He became a celebrity overnight. Because he is the chairman of the Essen board. And because, as such, he stands for the fact that the food distributed by this nonprofit association should not just be distributed in terms of greater repressive power. Three quarters of the beneficiaries of this social assistance are foreigners. New customer cards but the board wants to issue until further notice only to holders of a German passport. Jörg Sartor's reasoning: Because especially young male migrants lack respect for older women and mothers. Because they do not hustle and bustle, but push forward waiting pensioners and because the clientele of the table, which is just as needy as those migrants, no longer comes. Joerg Sartor is 61, he was a miner for thirty years since he retired at 49 , he works honorary for the Essen board. It's not easy to call a xenophobia someone who, seven times a week, ensures that the elderly, migrants, children, the homeless, and even the needy get something to eat that would otherwise be thrown away or left undistributed. Or let's put it this way: what benefits for the needy have those who now teach Jörg Sartor about how he and his family deal with the food they distribute on a private initiative? Now we are in the allegations against Jörg Sartor , They scoff at any description of why they should be reproduced in the original sound. One should "not make such categorizations," warns the Chancellor, which means the distinction between foreigners and Germans, without having previously made known, whether it was at all Mr Sartor and his own, the categorized, or not rather the reality was that the young male migrants pushed and the retirees fell behind. 
 English-2 content:N
Let's assume that the Social Democrats have long been doing what they have done in an incomprehensible, painful, indeed outrageous and irresponsible way: dismantling themselves. Let's say you do it by voting this time. Suppose that a minority government does not work in our country. His top politicians always seem purposeful and pragmatic, but in reality they have a completely empty self-confidence, supported by demoscopic considerations, talk shows and interviews, as well as the constant repetition of their own utterances. Suppose such people simply could not stand constantly fighting for the consent of others. That they could not bear to experience whole legislation in the way they characterized their exploratory and coalition negotiations. Suppose hypothetically that there will be new elections. And now the question: who should choose Jörg Sartor under these circumstances? You, dear readers, have heard of Jörg Sartor. He became famous overnight. Because he is chairman of the board of Essen. And because as such, he stands for the fact that the food marketed by this charity should not be distributed merely in the form of greater repressive power. Three quarters of the recipients of this social assistance are foreigners. New customer cards, but the board wants to issue until further notice only holders of a German passport. Jörg Sartor's argument: Because especially young male migrants lack respect for older women and mothers. Because they are not rushing, but advancing waiting retirees and because the clientele of the table, which is just as needy as these migrants, no longer comes. Jörg Sartor is 61, he has been a miner for 30 years, since he retired at the age of 49 he works as a volunteer for the board of Essen. It is not easy to call a xenophobia someone who, seven times a week, ensures that older people, migrants, children, the homeless and even the needy get something to eat that would otherwise be thrown away or not distributed. Or let's put it this way: What benefits do the needy have for those who now teach Jörg Sartor how he and his family handle the food they distribute on a private initiative? Now we are in the allegations against Jörg Sartor, you scoff at any description of why they should be reproduced in the original sound. One should not "make such categorisations," warns the Chancellor, which meant the distinction between foreigners and Germans, without first announcing whether it was in fact Mr. Sartor and his own, the categorized, or rather the reality acted young male Migrants pushed and the pensioners fell back. 

