English content: The road to the formation of a new government is clear: the majority of SPD members have supported their party's participation in a new coalition with the Union. They voted with a majority of 66.02 percent for the CDU / CSU negotiated coalition agreement, as the SPD announced. With No voted 33.98 percent, said the head of the Credentials and Zählkommission the SPD, Dietmar Nietan with. "We now have clarity," the acting SPD leader Olaf Scholz said. He has already informed CDU leader Angela Merkel about the result of the vote. "The SPD will enter the government," Scholz said. The party wants to decide on the occupation of ministerial posts in the coming days. Half of the SPD leaders want to send female and male ministers, Scholz announced. Among the departmental chiefs should be ministers who have officiated so far, some would be new. Scholz, currently mayor in Hamburg, is considered to be set for the post of finance minister and as Vizekanzler.161 days after the election so is it the longest government in the final phase. Merkel's election as Chancellor is scheduled for March 14 in the Bundestag. There, the AFD will be the largest opposition party.463,722 SPD members were called from February 20 to March 2 to decide on a new edition of the Grand Coalition. The SPD leadership had campaigned for a GroKo. Overall, 378,437 votes were cast, of which 362,933 were valid at the end. The participation was thus 78.39 percent. 239,604 members voted yes, 123,329 no. This was announced by treasurer Nietan, who was responsible for the count. Also in 2013, the SPD members were able to decide on the then upcoming GroKo. At that time, the participation was almost 78 percent - and thus only marginally lower than today. Yes then voted 75.96 Prozent.GroKo opponents Kühnert disappointed "Members of the SPD followed by a large majority the proposal of the national leadership," said interim party leader Scholz. So now give it clarity. Scholz spoke of exciting and important debates in the discussion on the coalition agreement with the CDU and the CSU. "We continued to grow together in the discussion," he added. Thus, the SPD has the strength for the process of renewal. The opponents of another grand coalition were disappointed. Juso CEO Kevin Kühnert tweeted: "We started to win, so first disappointment." He had been in the lead against a new coalition with the Union. (Other reactions to the members vote for the SPD, click here.) VIDEO Flash analysis: "The SPD has the nay-sayers now include" 120 sent through the national association volunteers had met in Willy-Brandt-Haus and on Saturday evening at 22 o'clock started to count the votes of the members vote, (more about the exact process read here) .As treasurer Nietan the Willy Brandt house thanked the campaign workers for their commitment, there was great applause. After the announcement of the result, however, there was silence.Who is behind Civey? Civey is an online polling institute based in Berlin. The start-up cooperates with various partners, including SPIEGEL ONLINE as well as the "Tagesspiegel", "Cicero", the "Freitag" and Change.org. Civey is funded by the ProFit funding program of the Investitionsbank Berlin and the European Regional Development Fund.aar / kuz / mmq / dpa / Reuters 
 English-2 content:The path to forming a new government is clear: the majority of SPD members have supported their party's participation in a new coalition with the Union. They voted with a majority of 66.02 percent for the negotiated coalition agreement of the CDU / CSU, as the SPD announced. With no, 33.98 percent voted, said the head of the electoral and counting commission of the SPD, Dietmar Nietan. "We now have clarity," said reigning SPD leader Olaf Scholz. He has already informed the CDU leader Angela Merkel about the outcome of the vote. "The SPD will enter the government," said Scholz. The party wants to decide in the coming days on the occupation of ministerial posts. Half of the SPD leaders want to send female and male ministers, announced Scholz. Among the department heads should be ministers who have officiated so far, some would be new. Scholz, currently mayor in Hamburg, is considered a candidate for the post of finance minister and vice-chancellor.161 days after the election, it is the longest government in its final phase. Merkel's election as Federal Chancellor is scheduled for March 14 in the Bundestag. There, the AFD will be the largest opposition party.463.722 SPD members were called to a new edition of the Grand Coalition from 20 February to 2 March. The SPD leadership had campaigned for a GroKo. In total, 378,437 votes were cast, of which 362,933 were valid at the end. The participation was thus 78.39 percent. 239,604 members voted yes, 123,329 no. This was announced by Treasurer Nietan, who was responsible for the count. Also in 2013, the SPD members could decide on the then upcoming GroKo. At that time, the participation was almost 78 percent - and thus only slightly lower than today. Yes, then voted 75.96 percent. KroKo opponents Kühnert disappointed "Members of the SPD followed by a large majority the proposal of the national leadership," said interim party leader Scholz. So, now give it clarity. Scholz spoke of exciting and important debates in the discussion about the coalition agreement with the CDU and the CSU. "We continued to grow together in the discussion," he added. Thus, the SPD has the strength for the renewal process. The opponents of another grand coalition were disappointed. Juso CEO Kevin Kühnert tweeted: "We started winning, so first disappointment." He had taken the lead against a new coalition with the Union. (Further reactions to the members vote for the SPD, click here.) VIDEO Flash analysis: "The SPD has now sent the naysayers" 120 volunteers posted by the National Association had at the Willy Brandt House and on Saturday night at 22 o'clock started to count the votes of the members counting, (read more about the exact process here). As treasurer Nietan the Willy Brandt House thanked the campaign workers for their commitment, there was great applause. After the announcement of the result, however, there was silence. Who is behind Civey? Civey is an online polling institute based in Berlin. The start-up cooperates with various partners, including SPIEGEL ONLINE as well as the "Tagesspiegel", "Cicero", the "Friday" and Change.org. Civey is funded by the ProFit funding program of the Investitionsbank Berlin and the European Regional Development Fund.aar / kuz / mmq / dpa / Reuters 

English content: The SPD has decided - and apparently voted for a new edition of the Grand Coalition! A good five months after the election, German Chancellor Angela Merkel can finally form a new government. 369,680 votes of SPD members (77.86 percent) had been counted before. That reports the "ZDF". More soon on FOCUS Online 
 English-2 content:The SPD has decided - and apparently voted for a new edition of the Grand Coalition! Just over five months after the elections, German Chancellor Angela Merkel can finally form a new government. 369,680 votes of the SPD members (77.86 percent) had been counted before. This reports the "ZDF". More on FOCUS Online soon 

English content: The 161st day after the election will finally be decided. Does Germany have a new government or not? 
 English-2 content:The 161st day after the election will be finalized. Does Germany have a new government or not? 

English content: Italy goalkeeping legend Gianluigi Buffon dedicates a moving farewell letter to the late Davide Astori. 
 English-2 content:Italian goalie legend Gianluigi Buffon dedicates a moving farewell letter to the late Davide Astori. 

English content: N
Let us suppose that the Social Democrats are doing what they have been doing in incomprehensible, painful, even outrageous and irresponsible ways for a long time: they disassemble themselves. Suppose they do it this time by a member vote. Let us further assume that a minority government does not work in our country. Because its top politicians always seem to have a single-minded and pragmatic appearance, but in reality they have a completely empty self-confidence, worn down by demoscopic considerations, talk shows and interviews as well as the constant repetition of their own pronouncements. Suppose that such people simply would not bear to constantly struggle for approval from others. That they could not endure living through entire legislatures in the way that characterized their exploratory and coalition negotiations. Let's hypothetically assume that there will be new elections. And now the question: Who should choose Jörg Sartor under these circumstances? You, dear readers, have heard from Jörg Sartor. He became a celebrity overnight. Because he is the chairman of the Essen board. And because, as such, he stands for the fact that the food distributed by this nonprofit association should not just be distributed in terms of greater repressive power. Three quarters of the beneficiaries of this social assistance are foreigners. New customer cards but the board wants to issue until further notice only to holders of a German passport. Jörg Sartor's reasoning: Because especially young male migrants lack respect for older women and mothers. Because they do not hustle and bustle, but push forward waiting pensioners and because the clientele of the table, which is just as needy as those migrants, no longer comes. Joerg Sartor is 61, he was a miner for thirty years since he retired at 49 , he works honorary for the Essen board. It's not easy to call a xenophobia someone who, seven times a week, ensures that the elderly, migrants, children, the homeless, and even the needy get something to eat that would otherwise be thrown away or left undistributed. Or let's put it this way: what benefits for the needy have those who now teach Jörg Sartor about how he and his family deal with the food they distribute on a private initiative? Now we are in the allegations against Jörg Sartor , They scoff at any description of why they should be reproduced in the original sound. One should "not make such categorizations," warns the Chancellor, which means the distinction between foreigners and Germans, without having previously made known, whether it was at all Mr Sartor and his own, the categorized, or not rather the reality was that the young male migrants pushed and the retirees fell behind. 
 English-2 content:N
Let's assume that the Social Democrats have long been doing what they have done in an incomprehensible, painful, indeed outrageous and irresponsible way: dismantling themselves. Let's say you do it by voting this time. Suppose that a minority government does not work in our country. His top politicians always seem purposeful and pragmatic, but in reality they have a completely empty self-confidence, supported by demoscopic considerations, talk shows and interviews, as well as the constant repetition of their own utterances. Suppose such people simply could not stand constantly fighting for the consent of others. That they could not bear to experience whole legislation in the way they characterized their exploratory and coalition negotiations. Suppose hypothetically that there will be new elections. And now the question: who should choose Jörg Sartor under these circumstances? You, dear readers, have heard of Jörg Sartor. He became famous overnight. Because he is chairman of the board of Essen. And because as such, he stands for the fact that the food marketed by this charity should not be distributed merely in the form of greater repressive power. Three quarters of the recipients of this social assistance are foreigners. New customer cards, but the board wants to issue until further notice only holders of a German passport. Jörg Sartor's argument: Because especially young male migrants lack respect for older women and mothers. Because they are not rushing, but advancing waiting retirees and because the clientele of the table, which is just as needy as these migrants, no longer comes. Jörg Sartor is 61, he has been a miner for 30 years, since he retired at the age of 49 he works as a volunteer for the board of Essen. It is not easy to call a xenophobia someone who, seven times a week, ensures that older people, migrants, children, the homeless and even the needy get something to eat that would otherwise be thrown away or not distributed. Or let's put it this way: What benefits do the needy have for those who now teach Jörg Sartor how he and his family handle the food they distribute on a private initiative? Now we are in the allegations against Jörg Sartor, you scoff at any description of why they should be reproduced in the original sound. One should not "make such categorisations," warns the Chancellor, which meant the distinction between foreigners and Germans, without first announcing whether it was in fact Mr. Sartor and his own, the categorized, or rather the reality acted young male Migrants pushed and the pensioners fell back. 

English content: Unity and justice and freedom. Since 1922 the German song of the poet August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben of 1841 is the national anthem of the Germans (since 1991 officially only the third stanza). Now wants a women's representative change the text. Read with BILDplus, why she calls! 
 English-2 content:Unity and justice and freedom. Since 1922 the German song of the poet August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben of 1841 is the national anthem of the Germans (since 1991 officially only the third stanza). Now a women's representative wants to change the text. Read with BILDplus why she is calling! 

English content: Davide Astori, captain of Italian first division club AC Florenz, was found dead on Sunday in a hotel room in Udine. According to the Italian news agency ANSA, the 31-year-old succumbed to a heart attack, the club writes of a "sudden illness". The Fiorentina game against Udinese was canceled like all other Serie A Sunday games. Astoris Klub stated in a statement that they "are deeply disturbed by the terrible situation". The scheduled for Sunday (15 clock) game between Florence and Udinese has been canceled. During the afternoon, the league then also put off all other games of the day, including the Milan City duel on the evening between Milan and Inter.Astori played for Florence since 2015 and had extended his contract until this week. The defender, who trained at Milan and later also played for Cagliari and the Roma, played 14 caps for Italy.Astori leaves wife and daughter. 
 English-2 content:Davide Astori, captain of Italian first division club AC Florenz, was found dead on Sunday in a hotel room in Udine. According to the Italian news agency ANSA, the 31-year-old died of a heart attack, the club writes of a "sudden illness". The Fiorentina game against Udinese was canceled as all other Serie A games on Sunday. Astoris Klub stated in a statement that they are "deeply affected by the terrible situation". The scheduled for Sunday (15 clock) game between Florence and Udinese has been canceled. During the afternoon, the league then switched off all other matches of the day, including the duel Milan against Milan in the evening between Milan and Inter. Astori has played for Florence since 2015 and had extended his contract until this week. The defender, who trained in Milan and later played for Cagliari and the Roma, played 14 caps for Italy. Astori leaves wife and daughter. 

English content: Politicians from the Union and the SPD are outraged: AfD politicians visit Syria to get a local impression of the situation. The deputies have also met with allies of the Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad. The AfD politicians want above all else know: Can Germany classify Syria as a safe country of origin? And does the deportation stop for rejected Syrian asylum seekers actually have to be upheld? "Finally in #Damaskus ... We get our own picture of the situation in Syria!", Wrote delegation leader Christian Blex, member of parliament from Lower Saxony on Twitter. Since Monday he is, four AfD member of parliament and a member of parliament in the war country. Officially a "private" visit. The AfD group has already published some photos, which they show, inter alia, at a meeting with the Assad-loyal Grand Mufti Ahmed Hassun. Alex also posted some pictures of Damascus: "At the bazaar in # Damascus. Pure everyday life. Modern shops. Women with and without a headscarf. It is hard to believe that there are now tens of thousands of Syrian men in Germany and that they should also catch up with their families. "He reports on everyday life in the Syrian capital:" Syrian women in #Damascus. Blue jeans instead of black veils! Women are sitting in bars. In Mecca hardly imaginable - unfortunately not in Berlin-Neukölln, "writes Blex.Der Federal Government accuses the AfD-man to support the so-called moderate rebels in Syria. The AfD politician also complains about the sanctions from the West:" Just experienced : Medical devices such as dentures no longer arrive due to EU sanctions! "The EU imposed trade restrictions mainly to weaken Bashar al-Assad. However, the sanctions also hit large parts of the Syrian population and worsen their suffering. After a meeting with Syrian politicians, Blex continued: According to Syria's state news agency Sana, the German parliamentary delegation met, among others, the Syrian parliamentary president Hammudeh Sabbagh on Monday. Various educational institutions are still on the agenda of AfD politicians. Meanwhile, many German politicians are horrified by the trip. Among other domestic politicians, SPD foreign expert Rolf Mützenich reacted indignantly. The consequence of a certain strategy to upgrade the "regime of Assad" and its supporters, he told the "Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger". Damascus has already used several opportunities to get in touch with parties from the "right-wing spectrum". The trip will have an epilogue in the Bundestag.Als "simply disgusting" described the human rights spokesman for the CDU / CSU parliamentary group, Michael Brand, the trip. "While bombs and poison gas are used by dictator Assad" would the AfD politicians "without scruples in the cameras smile and meet with the perpetrators clique," said Brand.Er says the AfD politicians would have Germany's good name "in the Dirt pulled ". While still smiling at the cameras, "is just disgusting." (Sun / dpa) Syria: President Assad called Western politicians as "liars" and Erdogan as a "hypocrite" "Welcome to Syria my friend": A travelogue from Damascus - " It is very different from what the media reports "As a tourist in Aleppo - Syria 2017:" There is far less destruction in Aleppo than the media has reported "As a tourist in Homs - The most devastated city in Syria returns to normal life 
 English-2 content:Politicians from the Union and the SPD are outraged: AFD politicians visit Syria to get an idea of ​​the situation on the ground. The deputies also met with allies of the Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad. Above all, the AfD politicians want to know: can Germany classify Syria as a safe country of origin? And does the deportation detention for rejected Syrian asylum seekers actually have to be upheld? "Finally in #Damascus ... we get our own picture of the situation in Syria!" Wrote the deputy Christian Blex, Lower Saxony's MP on Twitter. Since Monday he is four AFD MPs and deputies in the war country. Officially a "private" visit. The AfD group has already published a number of photos, including a meeting with Assad-loyal Grand Mufti Ahmed Hassun. Alex has also posted some photos of Damascus: "At the bazaar in # Damascus, everyday life, modern shops, women with and without a headscarf It's hard to believe that there are now tens of thousands of Syrian men in Germany and that you should too He talks about everyday life in the Syrian capital: "Syrian women in #Damascus, blue jeans instead of black veils, women sitting in bars, hardly imaginable in Mecca - unfortunately not in Berlin-Neukölln," writes Blex. The Federal Government accuses the AfD man of supporting the so-called moderate rebels in Syria. The AfD politician also complains about the sanctions from the West: "Just experienced: Medical devices such as dentures are no longer due to EU sanctions!" Above all, the EU imposed trade restrictions to weaken Bashar al-Assad. The sanctions, however, also hit large sections of the Syrian population and aggravated their suffering. After a meeting with Syrian politicians, BLEX continued: According to the Syrian news agency Sana, the German parliamentary delegation met on Monday, among others, the Syrian parliamentary president Hammudeh Sabbagh. Various educational institutions are still on the agenda of AfD politicians. Meanwhile, many German politicians are appalled by the trip. Among other domestic politicians SPD foreign expert Rolf Mützenich responded indignantly. The consequence of a certain strategy to upgrade the "regime of Assad" and its followers, he told the "Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger". Damascus has already used several opportunities to connect with "right-wing" parties. The trip will have an epilogue in the Bundestag. "Simply disgusting" described the human rights spokesman of the CDU / CSU parliamentary group, Michael Brand, the trip. "While bombs and poison gas are used by dictator Assad" the AfD politicians would "smile without scruples in the cameras and meet with the culprit clique," said Brand. He says that the AfD politicians had "pulled in the dirt" Germany's good name. , While he still smiles at the cameras, "is just disgusting." (Sun / dpa) Syria: President Assad described Western politicians as "liars" and Erdogan as "hypocrites." "Welcome to Syria, my friend": A travelogue from Damascus - "It's very different from the media reports" As a tourist in Aleppo - Syria 2017: "There is much less destruction in Aleppo than reported in the media" As a tourist in Homs, the most devastated city in Syria returns to normal life 

English content: The SPD members voted by a large majority for a new edition of the grand coalition: 66.02 percent were in favor of the coalition agreement negotiated with the CDU / CSU. This was announced by the SPD at a press conference in the Willy-Brandt-Haus. Overall, 378,437 votes were cast. Voting rights were 463 722 members. The participation was thus 78.39 percent. 239 604 members voted yes, 123 329 no. This was announced by treasurer Dietmar Nietan, who was responsible for the count.161 Days after the general election, the longest-ever formation of a government is now entering its final phase. Merkel's election as Chancellor is scheduled for March 14 in the Bundestag. There is now the right-wing populist AfD largest opposition party sein.Mehr soon in the ticker of FOCUS Online 
 English-2 content:The SPD members voted by a large majority for a new edition of the Grand Coalition: 66.02 percent supported the coalition agreement negotiated with the CDU / CSU. This was announced by the SPD at a press conference in the Willy-Brandt-Haus. In total, 378,437 votes were cast. The voting rights amounted to 463,722 members. The participation was thus 78.39 percent. 239 604 members voted yes, 123 329 no. This was reported by treasurer Dietmar Nietan, who was responsible for the count.161 days after the parliamentary elections, the longest government formation so far is entering its final phase. Merkel's election as Federal Chancellor is scheduled for March 14 in the Bundestag. It is now the right-wing populist AfD largest opposition party sein.Mehr soon in the ticker of VIP News 

English content: e
Only a few days ago, former CDU politician Erika Steinbach chaired the Center against Displacement. Now she has been elected the new chairman of the AfD-affiliated Desiderius Erasmus Foundation (DES). This Steinbach follows the AfD politician Peter Boehringer. The economic-liberal opponents of the euro want to avoid after his appointment as chairman of the Budget Committee in the Bundestag a potential conflict of interest, as the Foundation announced. Steinbach, who is not a member of the AfD, looking forward to the "challenging and attractive task," said the foundation. "In Germany, we have been experiencing increasing worry over years, not only in the field of opinion discourse, but even for the freedom of science," said Steinbach. In the spirit of her patron saint, Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam, she wanted to "decisively oppose this worrying development" in favor of the patron saint Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam. For a sustainable democracy she felt obliged to independent thinking and a dialogue of widely differing convictions. "It is my conviction that the wide-ranging education and information provided by the Desiderius Erasmus Foundation will make a fundamental contribution to the future of not only Germany but also of Europe," Steinbach continued Erika Steinbach has gained an extremely distinguished public figure as chair of our foundation, "explained the foundation's board of directors. She claims to be the youngest political foundation in Germany, is ideologically close to the AfD and is committed to the consolidation and renewal of democracy through more direct citizen participation and less EU paternalism. It is named after the humanist Erasmus of Rotterdam (circa 1466 to 1536). Currently several clubs compete to be recognized by the AfD. In addition to the Desiderius Erasmus Foundation, a foundation favored by party leader Alexander Gauland has also been given opportunities, named after the National Liberal politician Gustav Stresemann (1878-1929). However, this foundation faces naming rights problems. Steinbach's commitment as chairman of the Desiderius Erasmus Foundation can be seen as a coup in the race with the Gustav Stresemann Foundation for recognition as an AfD foundation. Because Steinbach is close to Gauland, so that his support could be moved by the new personality. Steinbach and Gauland know each other well from the time when both were still members of the CDU in Hesse. On Wednesday, the foundation "Zentrum gegen Vertreibung" announced that Steinbach was giving the chair. Steinbach give up the office at his own request, it said. The former Hessian Minister of Education and Justice Christean Wagner (CDU) takes over the post. He thanked Steinbach for her "untiring dedication for 18 years" for the foundation. Steinbach founded the Foundation in 2000, which deals with the fate of German displaced persons and ethnic German resettlers. From 1998 to 2012 she was also President of the Confederation of Expellees (BdV). The 74-year-old had belonged to her party exit in January 2017 to the conservative wing of the CDU. Their decision to leave the CDU, she had justified mainly with the course of party leader and Chancellor Angela Merkel in the refugee policy. In the general election in September Steinbach ran out of candidates, in the election campaign she took part in events of the AfD. 
 English-2 content:e
Only a few days ago, the former CDU politician Erika Steinbach headed the center against expulsion. Now she has been elected the new chairman of the AfD-affiliated Desiderius Erasmus Foundation (DES). This Steinbach follows the AfD politician Peter Boehringer. The economic-liberal opponents of the euro want after his appointment as chairman of the Budget Committee in the Bundestag avoid a potential conflict of interest, as the foundation announced. Steinbach, who is not a member of the AfD, is looking forward to the "challenging and attractive task," said the foundation. "In Germany, we have been experiencing growing concern for years, not only in the discourse of opinion, but also in the freedom of scholarship," said Steinbach. In the spirit of her patron saint, Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam, she wanted to "strongly oppose this worrying development" in favor of the patron saint Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam. For a sustainable democracy, she felt indebted to independent thinking and a dialogue of very different beliefs. "I am convinced that the broad education and information provided by the Desiderius Erasmus Foundation will make a significant contribution to the future of not only Germany but also of Europe," added Steinbach. Erika Steinbach has won a high-ranking public figure in the public space as chairman of our foundation, "said the foundation's board, claiming to be the youngest political foundation in Germany, ideologically close to the AfD, and committed to the consolidation and renewal of democracy more direct citizen participation and less EU patronization Named after the humanistic Erasmus of Rotterdam (circa 1466-1536), several clubs are currently competing for recognition by the AfD In addition to the Desiderius Erasmus Foundation also received a favored by party leader Alexander Gauland Foundation options named According to the National Liberal politician Gustav Stresemann (1878-1929), who, however, has problems with naming, see Steinbach's commitment as chairman of the Desiderius Erasmus Foundation can be considered a coup in the running with the Gustav Stresemann Foundation for recognition as AfD Foundation Steinbach is Gauland close, so that his support can be moved by the new personality. Steinbach and Gauland know each other well from the time when both were still members of the CDU in Hesse. On Wednesday, the "Zentrum gegen Vertreibung" Foundation announced that Steinbach will take over the chairmanship. Steinbach gives up the office at his own request, it was said. The former Hessian Minister of Education and Justice Christean Wagner (CDU) takes over the position. He thanked Steinbach for her "tireless commitment to 18 years" for the foundation. Steinbach founded in 2000 the foundation, which deals with the fate of German displaced persons and Spätaussiedler. From 1998 to 2012 she was also President of the Federation of the Displaced Persons (BdV). The 74-year-old had belonged to her party exit in January 2017 to the conservative wing of the CDU. Her decision to leave the CDU was based above all on the course of party leader and Chancellor Angela Merkel in refugee policy. In the parliamentary elections in September Steinbach went out of the candidates in the election campaign, she took part in events of the AfD. 

English content: A clear majority of SPD members voted for a grand coalition. Of the more than 363,000 SPD members who cast a valid vote, more than 66 percent voted for a re-run of the government with the Union. This was announced by treasurer Dietmar Nietan in the Berlin SPD headquarters. More than 78 percent of the SPD members took part in the vote. "We now have clarity: The SPD will enter the next federal government," said acting party leader Olaf Scholz. The members of the SPD had followed by a very large majority the proposal of the party executive. It was not easy to make the decision. Scholz spoke of exciting and important debates in the discussion on the coalition agreement with the CDU and CSU. "In the discussion, we have grown together," he added. The two-thirds majority is a clear result. Observers had previously considered a tighter decision possible - or even a rejection of a government participation. In the member vote of the SPD in 2013, 76 percent of the comrades voted for the then grand coalition. More than 160 days after the election, the result had been eagerly awaited throughout Europe. Never before in the history of the Federal Republic was Germany over such a long period without a government. The waiting period arose because at first the Jamaican negotiations between the Union, FDP and the Greens burst and the SPD subsequently only after the insistence of Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier gave up their categorical no to a grand coalition and gave the party base a say. First of all, a special party conference decided to hold coalition talks, with the last 464,000 comrades at the bottom. 
 English-2 content:A clear majority of SPD members voted for a grand coalition. Of the more than 363,000 SPD members who cast a valid vote, more than 66 percent voted for a re-run of the government with the Union. Treasurer Dietmar Nietan announced this in Berlin's SPD headquarters. More than 78 percent of SPD members took part in the vote. "We now have clarity: The SPD will move into the next federal government," said party chairman Olaf Scholz. The members of the SPD had by a large majority followed the proposal of the party executive. It was not easy to make the decision. Scholz spoke of exciting and important debates in the discussion about the coalition agreement with the CDU and CSU. "We grew together in the discussion," he added. The two-thirds majority is a clear result. Observers had previously considered a tighter decision possible - or even a denial of government participation. In the member election of the SPD in 2013, 76 percent of the comrades voted for the then grand coalition. More than 160 days after the election, the result was eagerly awaited across Europe. Never before in the history of the Federal Republic has Germany been without government for such a long time. The waiting period arose because at first the Jamaican negotiations between the Union, the FDP and the Greens burst and the SPD only at the insistence of Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier gave up its categorical no to a grand coalition and gave the party base a say. First, a special party conference decided to hold coalition talks with the last 464,000 comrades in the lead. 

English content: In Switzerland, there will continue to be a broadcasting contribution: in the referendum 71.6 percent of the citizens voted to receive the fees. Polls before the vote had seen the share of advocates at just over 60 percent. The referendum had been coordinated by the No-Billag initiative. Billag is the name of the company in Switzerland, which - in accordance with the German contribution service - collects the fees for the public service broadcasters there. Also affected are 34 private radio and television stations, which receive fees. On Sunday, the Swiss had the opportunity to vote on the future of financing their public service media. An intensive debate on the role of the Swiss media in the Internet age had preceded, similar to how it is conducted in Germany. However, in Switzerland's direct democracy, numerous, sometimes explosive, political decisions are taken by referendum every year, so the German constitution does not permit such decisions at the federal level. The no-billag initiative does not want to be beaten after the failed referendum. It is considering taking another referendum against the Swiss Radio and Television Corporation (SRG). The SRG had announced extensive reforms in case the charges remain. The government had already decided that the fee should be reduced from 451 to 365 francs (equivalent to about 316 euros) as at 1 January 2019. Read all about the debate on the future of broadcasting fees here. 
 English-2 content:In Switzerland, there will continue to be a broadcasting contribution: in the referendum, 71.6 percent of citizens voted to get the fees. Polls before the vote had seen the proponents account at just over 60 percent. The referendum was coordinated by the no-billag initiative. Billag is the name of the company in Switzerland, which levies - according to the German contribution service - the fees for the local public service broadcasters. Also affected are 34 private radio and television stations, which receive fees. On Sunday, the Swiss had the opportunity to decide on the financing of their public service media. An intensive debate on the role of the Swiss media in the Internet age preceded, as in Germany. In Switzerland's direct democracy, however, numerous, sometimes explosive political decisions are taken by referendum every year, so that federal constitutional law does not allow such decisions at the federal level. The no-billag initiative will not be beaten after the failed referendum. It is considering another referendum against the Swiss Radio and Television Corporation (SRG). The SRG had announced far-reaching reforms if the indictment persisted. The government had already decided that the fee should be reduced from 451 to 365 francs (equivalent to about 316 euros) as at 1 January 2019. Read all about the debate on the future of broadcasting fees. 

English content: A
On the occasion of the International Women's Day on March 8, the Equal Opportunity Commissioner of the Federal Ministry for Family Affairs calls for a change in the text of the national anthem. From "fatherland" should be "homeland", from the line "brotherly with heart and hand" should "courageous with heart and hand "Cited the" Bild am Sonntag "from a letter from the Ministry representative Kristin Rose-Möhring. According to this, her newsletter went to all employees of the SPD-led ministry. The women's representative therefore referred to gender-neutral rewording as in the Austrian anthem. From "home you are great sons" was there "home of great daughters and sons." Also Canada had recently adopted a change of his national anthem in gender-neutral language. This changed the second line of the hymn "O Canada" from "true patriot love, in all thy sons command" to "in all of us command" (awaken in all of us) , 
 English-2 content:ON
On the occasion of the International Women's Day on March 8, the representative of equal opportunities of the Federal Ministry for Family Affairs calls for a change of the text of the national anthem. From "Fatherland" should be "home", from the line "brotherly with heart and hand" should be "courageously with heart and hand" the "Bild am Sonntag" from a letter of the Ministerialreferentin Kristin rose Möhring be quoted. Accordingly, her newsletter went to all employees of the SPD-led ministry. The women's representative therefore referred to gender-neutral formulations as in the Austrian anthem. From "home you are great sons" was there "home of great daughters and sons". Canada also recently decided to change its national anthem in a gender-neutral language. This changed the second line of the hymn "O Canada" from "true patriotic love, command in all your sons" to "command in all of us" (awakens in all of us), 

English content: Because of bomb attacks on refugee shelters and political opponents in Saxony, eight members of the right-wing group Freital have been sentenced to several years in prison. The seven indicted men and one woman were found guilty of, among other things, forming a terrorist group, causing explosives explosions and attempted murder or aiding and abetting. The court found it proven that the group had a total of right wing extremist sentiments in 2015 carried out five explosive attacks on refugee shelters and political opponents in Freital and Dresden. The Dresden Higher Regional Court imposed prison sentences of between four and ten years for all those accused exactly one year after the trial began. Because of ring leadership, the defendants Timo S. and Patrick F. received the highest penalties at ten and nine and a half years respectively. At the time of the crime, Justin Sch., Who had testified extensively in the trial, received a youth liberty penalty of four years. The only woman in the group, 29-year-old Maria K., was sentenced to five and a half years in prison. The remaining four convicts, aged 27, 30, 39 and 40 years, received prison sentences of between eight and five years. All of them have been in custody since November 2015 and spring 2016 respectively. The Federal Prosecutor's Office is satisfied by the verdict, as Federal Prosecutor Jörn Hauschild said. The Senate had followed the motion in principle. The federal prosecutor's office had demanded for the eight defendants between five years juvenile punishment and eleven years imprisonment. The defense, however, rejected the allegation of membership in a terrorist group and the attempted murder and demanded much lower penalties. The defenders of Timo S. and another defendant announced that they would challenge the verdict. According to the charges, the seven men and one woman joined other like-minded people in the summer of 2015 to launch bomb attacks on refugee shelters and political opponents. They are said to have committed in the same year under changing participation in total five attacks on the car of a left-wing city council from Freital, a party office of the Left Party, two refugee shelters in the city and a left alternative housing project in Dresden. Only because of fortunate circumstances nobody was seriously injured or even killed in the attacks. Two people were injured in the attacks, which were made with self-made explosives, stones and illegal pyrotechnics. From the point of view of the Federal Prosecutor's Office, the defendants acted out of a right and xenophobic sentiment. They wanted to create "a climate of fear" and accepted the deaths of humans. In total, over 100 witnesses were heard in 73 process days. The Attorney General Dresden determined in connection with the actions of the group Freital a media report against ten other accused. As a spokesman told the MDR magazine, two people are suspected of being members of a terrorist organization. The other eight were accused of supporting acts. Two accused Freital had admitted after the MDR research, in July 2015 to have been involved in the attack on the car of the then left city council Michael Richter. They are said to have blown up the car together with the planner of the group Freital.Nach MDR information should be among the accused also three life partners of the convicted members of the group Freital and the Freital NPD city council Dirk A. They are involved in the secret chat of the group have been planned over the offenses were planned. The NPD politician is also burdened by statements by defendants. He is said to have scouted together with members of the group Freital a potential attack target in Dresden and incited to crime in secret chat. Dirk A. denies the allegations and did not want to comment on the inquiry at the request of the MDR. 
 English-2 content:Due to bomb attacks on refugee shelters and political opponents in Saxony eight members of the right-wing group Freital were sentenced to several years in prison. The seven men and one woman were found guilty, inter alia, of forming a terrorist group that caused explosions and attempted murder or aiding and abetting. The court found that the group as a whole had right-wing extremist sentiments, which carried out five explosive attacks on refugee shelters and political opponents in Freital and Dresden in 2015. The Dresden Higher Regional Court imposed imprisonment of between four and ten years for all accused persons exactly one year after the beginning of the trial. Due to the ring leadership, the defendants Timo S. and Patrick F. received the highest sentences after ten and nine and a half years, respectively. At the time of the crime, Justin Sch., Who had testified extensively during the trial, received a prison sentence of four years. The only woman in the group, 29-year-old Maria K., was sentenced to five and a half years in prison. The other four convicts, aged 27, 30, 39 and 40 years, received prison terms of between eight and five years. All have been in custody since November 2015 and spring 2016 respectively. The Federal Prosecutor's Office is satisfied with the verdict, as Federal Prosecutor Jörn Hauschild said. The Senate basically followed the motion. The federal prosecutor's office had demanded for the eight defendants between five years juvenile punishment and eleven years imprisonment. The defense, however, rejected the allegation of membership in a terrorist group and attempted murder and demanded much lower sentences. The defenders of Timo S. and another defendant announced that they would challenge the verdict. According to the charges, in the summer of 2015, the seven men and one woman joined other like-minded people to carry out bomb attacks on refugee shelters and political opponents. They are said to have participated in the same year with varying participation in a total of five attacks on the car of a left city council of Freital, a party of the Left Party, two refugee camps in the city and a left alternative housing project in Dresden. Only fortunately, no one was seriously injured or even killed during the attacks. Two people were injured in the attacks made with home-made explosives, stones and illegal pyrotechnics. From the point of view of the Federal Prosecutor's Office, the defendants acted out of right-wing and xenophobic sentiments. They wanted to create "a climate of fear" and accepted the death of humans. In total, over 100 witnesses were heard in 73 trial days. The Attorney General Dresden determined in connection with the actions of the Freital Group a media report against ten other defendants. As a spokesman told MDR magazine, two people are suspected of being members of a terrorist organization. The other eight were charged with supporting actions. Two defendants Freital had admitted after the MDR research to have been involved in July 2015 in the attack on the car of the then left city council Michael Richter. They allegedly blew up the car together with the planner of the group Freital. According to MDR data, three of the defendants' survivors are the convicted members of the Freital group and the Freital NPD municipal administration Dirk A. They are involved In the secret chat of the group were planned, over which offenses were planned. The NPD politician is also burdened by statements of defendants. He is said to have sought together with members of the group Freital a potential target in Dresden and have escorted in secret chat to crime. Dirk A. denies the allegations and did not want to comment on the request at the request of MDR. 

English content: I
In Bavarian courtrooms, judges and prosecutors will not be able to sit in clerks wearing headscarves. The Bavarian Administrative Court (VGH) lifted on Wednesday in Munich after several hours of hearing a judgment of the Augsburg Administrative Court, which had made nationwide headlines in mid-2016. Some supporters of the headscarves had already hopes that the Augsburg judges would have paved the way for the headscarf in the courtrooms. But it did not come that far. For a woman of Muslim faith has failed with her lawsuit against a headscarf ban on the bench during the legal clerkship in Bavaria (Az. 3 BV 16.2040). "It is indispensable for the citizens' trust in the independence and neutrality of the judiciary that even the outward appearance does not give the slightest appearance of bias", Justice Minister Winfried Bausback (CSU) welcomed the verdict.Jurists of Muslim faith must therefore accept that they either have to take off her headscarf at some stations of her legal clerkship or not be allowed to do some activities - namely to sit in the courtroom as a representative of the public prosecutor's office or sit in the front right next to the judge. The Federal Constitutional Court had given the line with an urgent decision because of a comparable case from Hessen at the end of June 2017. "Even judicial trainees, who act as representatives of state power and are perceived as such, must observe the state neutrality requirement," the constitutional judges in Karlsruhe ruled. The litigants, ie plaintiffs and defendants or defendants, could otherwise feel "offended if subjected to the inevitable compulsion to hold litigation involving representatives of the state who are evidently expressing their religious or ideological beliefs" In the verdict of the VGH Senate on Wednesday it was said: "A deep fundamental rights intervention is to be denied." For in the specific case, the plaintiff only on a single day of her legal clerkship in Augsburg district court may not sit on the bench, led the chairman Judge Alexander Neumüller and stressed: "There is no claim for this." The plaintiff was not forced to remove the headscarf. The VGH thus conceded the verdict from Augsburg and also did not allow the appeal to the Federal Administrative Court. The Augsburger administrative judges had criticized that there was no legal basis for the headscarf ban for female trainees. Ten years ago, Bavaria's Ministry of Justice issued a corresponding edition for the first time - this was not enough for the Augsburg Administrative Court. Until now, the headscarf ban in Bavaria was only pronounced twice. For the first time in 2008, a lawyer received the edition. When the current applicant began her legal traineeship in the legal department in 2014, the then 24-year-old also received a corresponding stipulation. After the young woman had spent her time at the district court and thus the possible work on the judge's table was over, the ban was lifted by the employer again. The VGH accordingly pointed out that there is actually no reason to complain. "The circulation as such has been completed," said Neumüller. The Senate has therefore made no statement as to whether the headscarf ban was basically lawful - in the matter he has not decided. However, the Senate did not assume that the headscarf problem noted in the personal file could in future have disadvantages for the lawyer if she applied for public service. Inevitably, the crucifixes hung in almost all Bavarian courtrooms inevitably came up. The plaintiff emphasized that she had completed her "clerkship under the cross" but was being stigmatized because of her headscarf. Guido Tiesel, head of the training department at the Ministry of Justice in Munich, said that he also had problems with a judge if he had a big one carry Christian cross in front of him. The crucifix on the wall, however, is no problem: "The cross in the courtroom does not speak," said Tiesel. "The headscarf speaks no judgment," countered the legal representative of the trainee. 
 English-2 content:I
In Bavarian courtrooms, judges and prosecutors can not sit in headscarves. The Bavarian Administrative Court (VGH) on Wednesday in Munich after several hours of hearing a judgment of the Administrative Court of Augsburg, which had made nationwide headlines in mid-2016, from. Some supporters of the headscarf had already hoped that the Augsburg judges would have prepared the headscarf in the courtrooms. But it did not come that far. For a woman of Muslim faith has failed with her lawsuit against a headscarf ban during the legal clerkship in Bavaria (Az. 3 BV 16.2040). "For the citizens' confidence in the independence and neutrality of the judiciary, it is essential that the outward appearance does not convey the slightest appearance of bias," Justice Minister Winfried Bausback (CSU) welcomed the verdict. Lawyers of the Muslim faith must therefore accept that they either have to strip their headscarf at some stations of their traineeship or are not allowed to perform any activities - namely, sit in the courtroom as a prosecutor or sit in the front right next to the judge. The Federal Constitutional Court had taken the express decision because of a similar case from Hessen at the end of June 2017. "Even judicial trainees, who act as representatives of the state and are perceived as such, must observe the state neutrality obligation," judged the constitutional judge in Karlsruhe. The litigants, ie plaintiffs and defendants or defendants, could otherwise be "offended if subjected to the inevitable compulsion to conduct a trial involving agents of the state who evidently express their religious or ideological beliefs" : "A far-reaching fundamental rights intervention must be denied." For in this specific case, the plaintiff may sit only on a single day of her legal clerkship at the Augsburg district court on the bench, led the presiding judge Alexander Neumüller and stressed: "There is no claim." The applicant was not forced to remove the headscarf. The VGH thus approved the Augsburg judgment and also did not allow the appeal to the Federal Administrative Court. The Augsburg administrative judges had criticized that there was no legal basis for the headscarf ban for female trainees. Ten years ago, the Bavarian Ministry of Justice issued for the first time a corresponding issue, which did not satisfy the Augsburg Administrative Court. So far, the headscarf ban in Bavaria has been pronounced only twice. For the first time in 2008, a lawyer received the issue. When the current candidate began her legal traineeship in the legal department in 2014, the then 24-year-old also received a corresponding stipulation. After the young woman had spent her time at the district court and thus finished the possible work at the judge's table, the ban was lifted by the employer again. The VGH pointed out that there is actually no reason to complain. "The circulation as such is complete," said Neumüller. The Senate has therefore made no statement about whether the headscarf ban was basically lawful - in the matter he has not decided. The Senate, however, did not believe that the headscarf problem noted in the personal file could in the future have disadvantages for the lawyer if she applied for a public service. The crucifixes, which hung in almost all Bavarian courtrooms, inevitably came up. The applicant emphasized that she had completed her "clerkship under the Cross" but was stigmatized for her headscarf. Guido Tiesel, head of the training department of the Ministry of Justice in Munich, said that he also has problems with a judge when he has a big Christian cross in front of him. The crucifix on the wall, however, is not a problem: "The cross in the courtroom does not speak," said Tiesel. "The headscarf speaks no judgment," replied the legal representative of the trainee. 

English content: The GroKo stands, even if some personnel decisions are yet to be made. Cem Özdemir (Greens) intervenes and appeals to the Union and the SPD: "More policemen on the street, faster court decisions. We need all that. The parties of the GroKo have neglected for years criminally, "said the Green politician. The citizens would have the impression of "extensive loss of control," he said in an interview with the newspaper "Stern". He stressed that the Union and the SPD should take their responsibility for internal security. Both people are in a dramatically bad state, Özdemir said. "Only a cynic could be happy about it." Since one wishes "sometimes almost the good old Edmund Stoiber back with 'laptop and leather pants'," Özdemir continued. And also "a Beckstein as Minister of the Interior, who did not let anything burn on the right," he added. As for the Essen board, he thinks nothing of "immediately swing the racist club." "Against disrespectful behavior must be taken in individual cases - it depends migrants as well as locals," said the Green politician. In the dispute with the AfD Özdemir pleads for a tough course: Since "I think nothing of Wattebäuschchen far throw. Özdemir calls for a more self-confident attitude towards Turkey's fears of Turkish politicians: Özdemir is placed under security guard at a security conferenceÖzdemir does not stand for grassroots parliamentary chairmanship: "I clearly have no majority" 
 English-2 content:The GroKo stands, even if still some personnel decisions must be made. Cem Özdemir (Greens) intervenes and appeals to the Union and the SPD: "More policemen on the street, faster court decisions, we need it, the GroKo parties have been criminally neglected for years," the Green politician said. The citizens would have the impression of a "comprehensive loss of control," he said in an interview with the newspaper "star". He stressed that the Union and the SPD should exercise their responsibility for internal security. Both people are in a dramatically bad state, Özdemir said. "Only a cynic could be happy about that." Since one wishes oneself "sometimes the good old Edmund Stoiber with 'laptop and Lederhose' back," Özdemir continued. And also "a Beckstein as Minister of the Interior, who did not burn anything right," he added. For the Essen board he does not believe in "swinging the racist club right away". "Disrespectful behavior must be dealt with on a case by case basis - it depends on both immigrants and locals," said the Green Politician. In the dispute with the AfD Özdemir pleads for a tough course: Since "I think nothing of cotton balls throw far." Özdemir calls for a more self-confident attitude to Turkish fears of Turkish politicians: Özdemir is placed at a security conference under security protection - that does not do it for the parliamentary Chair in grassroots football are: "I clearly have no majority" 

English content: The lega of Matteo Salvini is the first black senator in Italy: The Nigerian-born African-Italian Tony Iwobi made the jump to the Italian House of Lords in Sunday's election, he revealed on Facebook on Tuesday. Iwobi pointed out that he has been fighting for the goals of the Lega for 25 years. He was elected in the industrial city of Brescia, an immigration focus. Iwobi advocates limiting immigration. That his party is racist, he denies. Rather, he argues that unimpeded immigration promotes the spread of racism. "Illegal immigration leads directly to violence and a racist response," he said in January. His party calls for a "controlled immigration, which is a bulwark against racism." "Italy," said Matteo Salvini after the election, "decide the Italians. Not Berlin, not Paris, not Brussels "and not the financial markets.In Italy, those who rebel against uncontrolled immigration and against the ruling elite have won. Both the Lega and the Five-Star Movement call for a restructuring of the EU and a relaxation of austerity policies. The country said "no" to the pro-European government, "no" to Berlusconi and also "no" to the Social Democrat Matteo Tenzi. It said "no" to an "immigration that has overwhelmed the people" (source: Italy after the election). Iwobi has been active since 1993 for the Lega. In its early years, the party represented above all the demand for autonomy of wealthy northern Italy. Iwobi said he originally joined the party to implement a federal model for Italy. He also envisioned his native Nigeria, where there are dozens of federal states, as Iwobi said in an interview in 2014. "This is a project that works in Africa. Why should not it work here too? "He said. Iwobi was born in Gusau in northern Nigeria. Since 1976, the Catholic lives in Italy. Most recently, he was a spokesman on migration policy of his party, which is classified by critics as xenophobic and right-wing extremist. (afp / ks) Election results in Italy: The horror scenario for the EU refugee crisis in Italy out of control - torrential onslaught on Austria's border expected 4.6 million Italians live in total poverty - three times more than ten years ago 
 English-2 content:The lega of Matteo Salvini is the first black senator in Italy: The Nigerian-born African-Italian Tony Iwobi has made the leap to the Italian House of Lords on Sunday, he said on Tuesday on Facebook. Iwobi pointed out that he has been fighting for the goals of the Lega for 25 years. He was elected in the industrial city of Brescia, a center of immigration. Iwobi advocates limiting immigration. That his party is racist, he denies. Rather, he argues that unimpeded immigration promotes the spread of racism. "Illegal immigration leads directly to violence and a racist reaction," he said in January. His party calls for "controlled immigration, which is a bulwark against racism." "Italy," said Matteo Salvini after the election, "decide the Italians - not Berlin, not Paris, not Brussels" and not the financial markets. In Italy, those who rebelled against uncontrolled immigration and against the ruling elite have won. Both the Lega and the five-star movement are calling for a restructuring of the EU and a relaxation of austerity measures. The country said "no" to the pro-European government, "no" to Berlusconi and also "no" to the Social Democrat Matteo Tenzi. It said "no" to an "immigration that has overwhelmed the people" (Source: Italy after the elections). Iwobi has been active for the Lega since 1993. In its early years, the party mainly demanded the autonomy of rich northern Italy. Iwobi said that he originally joined the party to implement a federal model for Italy. He also envisioned his native Nigeria, where there are dozens of states, Iwobi said in an interview in 2014. "This is a project that works in Africa, why should not it work here as well?" He said. Iwobi was born in Gusau in northern Nigeria. Since 1976, the Catholic lives in Italy. Most recently, he was spokesman for the migration policy of his party, which is classified by critics as xenophobic and right-wing extremist. (afp / ks) Election results in Italy: The horror scenario for the EU refugee crisis in Italy out of control - flood disaster at Austria's border expects 4.6 million Italians living in absolute poverty - three times more than ten years ago 

English content: Burkhard Lischka, the spokesman for the SPD parliamentary group, has called on the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution to put AfD under surveillance. According to a statement, however, the constitutional protection does not see any basis for this. "If one is not quite blind in the right eye, if one does not want to hide the fact that individual groups of the AfD, such as the Patriotic Platform or the Young Alternative, must maintain close ties with the Identitarian Movement Otherwise, the constitutional protection fails as an early warning system, "said Lischka the editorial network Germany.Der constitutional protection sees, however, according to a statement on Wednesday so far no basis for an observation of the AfD. It had discussed how to deal with the party and "agreed" that there are currently no sufficient evidence for an observation of the party as a whole. The criteria were not met: A nationwide influence or even controlling the AFD by right-wing extremists was not apparent. The protection of the constitution had to assess whether there was a danger to the free-democratic basic order. This is not the case with every radical or borderline statement. Even at the state level, the AfD is nowhere a Beobachtungsobjekt.Einige state agencies for the protection of the Constitution had previously asked domestic intelligence chief Hans-Georg Maaßen allegedly several times unsuccessful to agree to at least one AfD-collection of materials. The Left Party, of which individual members have been in the sights of the constitution protection for years, rejects an observation of the AfD. "The AfD must fight politically, not secret service," said Left Group leader Sahra Wagenknecht the RND.Partei. Since one tries to go against successful. You can not hear anymore what these SPD lerers are saying. Only embarrassing
Write an answer 
 English-2 content:Burkhard Lischka, SPD spokesman, has called on the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution to oversee the AfD. However, according to one statement, the protection of the constitution sees no basis for this. "If you are not completely blind in your right eye, if you do not want to conceal the fact that individual groups of the AfD, such as the Patriotic Platform or the Young Alternative, have to maintain close ties to the Identitarian Movement, then constitutional protection fails as an early warning system ", said Lischka the editorial net Germany. However, according to a declaration on Wednesday, the protection of the constitution does not see any basis for an observation of the AFD. She had discussed how to deal with the party and "agreed" that there was currently insufficient evidence to monitor the party as a whole. The criteria were not met: A nationwide influence or even the control of the AFD by right-wing extremists was not apparent. The protection of the Constitution had to assess whether there was a threat to the free-democratic basic order. This is not the case with any radical or marginal statement. Even at the state level, the AfD is nowhere to be observed. Some state authorities for the protection of the constitution, the domestic intelligence chief Hans-Georg Maaßen had allegedly previously unsuccessfully asked several times to agree at least one AfD material collection. The Left Party, whose individual members have been in the protection of the constitution for years, rejects an observation by the AfD. "The AfD must fight politically, not intelligence," said Linkspartei leader Sahra Wagenknecht of the RND party. Since one tries to go against success. You can not hear what these SPD lerers are saying. Just embarrassing
Write an answer 

English content: At the start of the Grand Coalition, the Green Party politician Cem Özdemir appeals to the Union and the SPD to assume their responsibility for Germany's internal security. "The reputation of the state is eroding in broad sections of the population, which is mainly the responsibility of the Union and the SPD," Özdemir said in an interview with stern. "More policemen on the street, faster court decisions - all that we need, which the GroKo parties have neglected for years," said the Green Party. Citizens would have the impression of "total loss of control." "Both people's parties are in a dramatically bad state," Özdemir said, "only a cynic could be happy about it." For the Union, it was crucial "that she now regains her competence in internal security". Özdemir: "Sometimes one wishes almost the good old Edmund Stoiber back with 'laptop and leather pants' and a Beckstein as Minister of the Interior, who did not burn anything on the right." In the debate on the Essener Tafel expressed the Green Understanding for the decision of the association's board , for the time being no other foreigners in the food distribution. "I do not believe in swinging the racism club immediately," said Özdemir. It's about security and justice. "Disrespectful behavior has to be tackled in individual cases - this depends on migrants as well as locals." In the dispute with the AfD Özdemir pleads for a tough course, "I think nothing of Wattebäuschchen far throw." You have to speak with the AfD the language who understands them, "says Özdemir. "These are not patriots, they are Germany haters. 
 English-2 content:At the beginning of the grand coalition, the Green Party politician Cem Özdemir appeals to the Union and the SPD to assume their responsibility for Germany's internal security. "The reputation of the state is crumbling in large parts of the population, especially the responsibility of the Union and the SPD," Özdemir said in an interview with Stern. "More policemen on the street, faster court decisions - everything we need, what the GroKo parties have neglected for years," said the Greens. Citizens have the impression of a "total loss of control". "Both parties are in a dramatically bad state," Özdemir said, "only a cynic could be pleased." For the Union, it was crucial "that she now regains her internal security." Özdemir: "Sometimes you almost want the good old Edmund Stoiber with, laptop and leather pants' and a Beckstein as Interior Minister, who has not burned anything right." In the debate over the Essener Tafel expressed the Green Understanding for the decision of the association's board for the time being no foreigners in the food distribution. "I do not believe in swinging the racism club immediately," Özdemir said. It's about security and justice. "Disrespectful behavior must be tackled on a case-by-case basis, depending on both migrants and locals." In the dispute with the AfD Özdemir pleads for a tough course, "I think nothing of cotton balls throw far." You have to speak the language she understands with the AfD, "Özdemir says. They are not patriots, they are Germany haters. 

English content: Unity and justice and freedom - that may stay. But in two places of the German national anthem, the Equal Opportunity Commissioner of the Federal Ministry for Family Affairs, Kristin Rose-Möhring, wants to set the red pen - to make the text gender neutral. This reports the "Bild" newspaper in its online edition. Accordingly, Rose-Möhring made a circular letter to all employees of the Federal Ministry of Family Affairs on concrete proposals: "Fatherland" should be "homeland", "brotherly with heart and hand" "courageous with heart and hand." "Why do not we change our national anthem, the Deutschlandlied? ", quotes the" Bild "further from the letter she wrote on the occasion of International Women's Day on 8 March. "Would not hurt, right? And also fits the new Federal Ministry of the Interior and for construction and homeland. "An allusion to the new home ministry, the Angela Merkel CSU boss Horst Seehofer has promised in the letter Rose-Möhring refers inter alia to the example of Austria. There, the national anthem was changed in 2012. "Home made you great sons" became "home of great daughters and sons". Also, Canada has recently adopted a change of its national anthem in a gender-neutral language: the passage "Awakening patriotism in all your sons" to "all of us" should be modified. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau described this as a "significant sign of equality". Rose Möhring apparently expected that their proposal would lead to heated discussions. This is the conclusion of the sentence with which the newsletter ends: "With a friendly greeting for a lively March 8". Kristin Rose-Möhring has been Equal Opportunity Officer since 2001 and also chairwoman of the Interministerial Working Group of the Equal Opportunity Commissioner of the Supreme Federal Authorities (IMA). 
 English-2 content:Unity and justice and freedom - that can stay. But in two places of the German national anthem, the Equal Opportunity Commissioner of the Federal Ministry for Family Affairs, Kristin Rose-Möhring, wants to put the red pencil - to make the text gender-neutral. This reports the newspaper "Bild" in its online edition. So Rose-Möhring made a circular letter to all employees of the Federal Ministry of Family Affairs on concrete suggestions: "Fatherland" should be "home", "brotherly with heart and hand", "courageous with heart and hand". "Why do not we change our national anthem, the Deutschlandlied?", Quotes the "Bild" further from the letter she wrote on the occasion of International Women's Day on 8 March. "Would not hurt, right? And also fits the new Federal Ministry of the Interior and for construction and homeland." An allusion to the new home ministry, promises Angela Merkel CSU leader Horst Seehofer in the letter, among others, Rose Möhring, for example, from Austria. There, 2012, the national anthem was changed. "Home made you great sons" became "home of great daughters and sons". Canada has also recently adopted a change to its national anthem in a gender-neutral language: the passage "Awakening Patriotism in All Your Sons" should be changed to "us all". Prime Minister Justin Trudeau described this as an "important sign of equality". Rose Möhring apparently expected that her proposal would lead to heated discussions. This is the end of the phrase that ends the newsletter: "With a friendly greeting for a lively March 8th". Kristin Rose-Möhring has been Equal Opportunity Officer since 2001 and also Chairwoman of the Interministerial Working Group of Equal Opportunity Officers of the Supreme Federal Authorities (IMA). 

English content: H-S-V - Hamburg Shoot 'em Down In the relegation crick against Mainz a win was a must. After the 0: 0 relegation to the second league is hard to prevent. After only 25 matchdays only 18 points on the account mean for the HSV the worst record of his Bundesliga history.This provisional balance has never made a team the league! It would have been against Mainz much more in it. Goal shot ratio: 20 to 5 shots on goal for the HSV.Hamburg beats into the 2nd League! The Hanseaten are superior from the start, but fail row after row of Mainz goalkeeper and league freshman Florian Müller (20 / first Bundesliga match). And especially on your own inability. At the center: Filip Kostic (25). 22 Minute: Jung brings the ball in front of goal, Jatta puts back on Kostic. His shot is deflected slightly and lands on the bar. 24 Minute: Kostic meets and cheers. But only until referee Markus Schmidt asks the video referee to check. Kostic was clearly offside.► 62 minutes: Kostic joins the penalty but fails miserably at Müller. The 911 was not shot hard or placed. Embarrassing-penalty spoiled the HSV the important hopes-threesome! Sporting Director Jens Todt at "Sky": "That's very bitter. We did not make the goal. We are also a bit speechless. We are in a bad situation and it has become even worse. "Striker Sven Schipplock:" We absolutely wanted, as everyone has seen. The thing just did not want to go inside. That is bitter today. "Despite superior number after yellow-red before the penalty for Balogun (61.), it is not enough for Hamburg to victory.And how behave the fans? The Hamburg Volksparkstadion was after the riots (Pyro, Platzsturm and Tasteless poster ) to the high security area. 450 police officers, 4 water cannons, horse and dog squad and 600 folders in the stadium. The fences between fans and the field were increased from 1.10 meters to 2.20 meters for fear of a possible turf storm. The members of all three ultra-groups moved before the game. Instead of standing in the stands behind the gate, they climbed into seats in the so-called B-rank. But at least during the game, it remained calm. ★ 5. minute: Latzta is wrong in a long ball. Schipplock comes so close in the penalty area. Müller dips the ball out. 8th minute: Walace takes off from a distance. Müller can not hold on to the ball, but claps it safely away to the side. ★ 22. Minute: Jung brings the ball in front of goal, Jatta puts back on Kostic. His shot is deflected slightly and hits the bar. ★ 24. Minute: Kostic meets and cheers. But only until referee Markus Schmidt asks the video referee for control. Kostic was clearly offside.48 minutes: Van Drongelen comes home after a deflected header. ★ 51 minutes: A Brosinski free-kick misses his target only very close - outside net! ★ 61 minutes: Balogun runs Waldschmidt awkwardly in the heels. There are penalties, the Mainz flies with yellow-red from the square. ★ 62 minutes: Kostic joins the penalty, but fails miserably to Müller. The 911 was not shot hard or placed. 
 English-2 content:H-S-V - Hamburg In the relegation against Mainz a win was a must. After the 0: 0 relegation to the second division is difficult to prevent. After only 25 matchdays only 18 points in the account for HSV the worst record in his Bundesliga history. This preliminary record has never made a team to the league! It would have been much more against Mainz. Goal shot ratio: 20 to 5 shots on goal for the HSV. Hamburg beats in the 2nd league! The Hanseaten are superior from the start, but fail rows of Mainz goalkeeper and league player Florian Müller (20 / first Bundesliga game). And especially on your own inability. In the center: Filip Kostic (25). 22nd. Minute: Jung brings the ball in front of goal, Jatta puts on Kostic. His shot is deflected slightly and lands on the bar. 24 minutes: Kostic meets and cheers. But only until the referee Markus Schmidt asks the video umpire to check. Kostic was clearly offside. 62nd. Minute: Kostic comes to the penalty, but fails miserably at Müller. The 911 was not shot or placed hard. Embarrassing penalty spoiled the HSV's important hopes - threes! Sporting Director Jens Todt on Sky said: "It's very bitter, we did not reach the goal, we're a bit speechless, we're in a bad situation and things got worse." Striker Sven Schipplock: "We absolutely wanted to, as everyone has seen, the thing just did not go in. That is bitter today." Despite superior number after yellow-red before the penalty for Balogun (61) Hamburg is not enough to win. And how do the fans behave? The Hamburg Volksparkstadion was after the riots (Pyro, Platzsturm and tasteless poster) in the high security area. 450 police officers, 4 water cannons, horse and dog squad and 600 folders in the stadium. The fences between fans and field were increased from 1.10 meters to 2.20 meters for fear of a possible Turststurm. The members of all three groups have moved before the game. Instead of standing in the stands behind the gate, they climbed into seats in the so-called B-rank. But at least during the game it was quiet. ★ 5. minute: Latzta is wrong in a long ball. Schipplock comes so close in the penalty area. Müller dips the ball. 8th Minute: Walace starts from a distance. Müller can not hold on to the ball, but claps him safely to the side. ★ 22nd. Minute: Young brings the ball in front of goal, Jatta relies on Kostic. His shot is easily deflected and hits the pole. ★ 24. Minute: Kostic meets and cheers. But only until the referee Markus Schmidt asks the video umpire for control. Kostic was obviously offside .48. Minute: Van Drongelen comes home after a deflected header. ★ 51 minutes: A free-kick by Brosinski misses his target just short - outsider! ★ 61 minutes: Balogun runs Waldschmidt clumsily in the heels. There are penalties, the Mainz flies with yellow-red from the square. ★ 62 minutes: Kostic joins the penalty, but fails miserably to Müller. The 911 was not shot or placed hard. 

English content: The base of the SPD has decided: It voted by a large majority for the coalition agreement with the Union. This clears the way for a new government led by Angela Merkel. 
 English-2 content:The base of the SPD has decided: It has voted by a large majority for the coalition agreement with the Union. This paves the way for a new government under Angela Merkel. 

English content: Green boss Habeck calls on the federal government to check whether the AfD would not have to be monitored by the constitutional protection. And he has been thinking about what a green home concept can look like, because "we are looking for a policy that offers security." His office in the Party headquarters of the Greens is about as comfortable as an abandoned furniture store: elderly Resopaltische, telephones, a Chandelier from his predecessor. Robert Habeck, 48 and Minister of the Environment in Schleswig-Holstein, was recently elected to the Greens top with Annalena Baerbock. For the interview, he comes a little late, but in a good mood, hanging out of his pocket tangled headphone cable. SZ: Mr. Habeck, after the yes of the SPD to the grand coalition you have put a sad song on the net. The refrain means analogously: always the same old record. Are you disappointed that the SPD is now ruling? Robert Habeck: As a citizen of this country, I'm honestly happy that we have a government, especially with regard to the global political situation. Look at the wars, look at the looming trade wars - Germany must now take its responsibility. As a person with political passion, on the other hand, I expect little. You will lose yourself on a small scale and will not answer the big questions. But it does not help. A new election would have been the admission of a failure of the political class.How do the Greens actually want to make themselves felt as the smallest parliamentary faction? The size of the faction has nothing to do with how it is perceived. This has shown the furious speech by Cem Özdemir against the AfD. Nevertheless, it is clear that we will hardly get majorities for our own applications. The Greens will therefore have to prove themselves strongly extra-parliamentary. We will redefine 'left-liberal' with answers that extend beyond the legislative period. One of our main priorities will be to create a solidarity system that goes beyond Hartz IV. Better yet: it replaces. In addition to all environmental issues. The Greens now want to woo volatile SPD voters. How should that work? First and foremost, it's about political passion. This is not caused by the seventh indent on page 13, but by appearance: Does one hold other opinions? Do you speak inviting or exclusionary? If you shout down every question with an answer, according to the motto: We have already decided everything in 2007. Or say: What was wrong in 2007 might be right today because the world is changing. Currently, Annalena Baerbock and I are trying to do just that. Does that go to non-green voters? You can not say that yet. But in Schleswig-Holstein, where I am still a minister, we have also managed to win the trust of people who do not vote green per se. They see us as people with a value compass who want to change something for the broader society. Taking into account the interests of those who have difficulty with change. With understanding that fishermen, farmers, farmers - even for understandable reasons - are struggling with green ideas. The SPD is torn between the upper secondary school councils and the mayors. Here morals, there harsh reality. Threatening the greens similar, if they try to compete with a new social policy for SPD voters? Something always threatens. The safest bank would be to concentrate on small, own milieus. And to say: We agree that we have a majority in our seven percent range. This is convenient, but clearly not enough. Everyone can feel that something is moving in Germany, which is much bigger, as if a hard drive overwritten. They like to call for radical social change. What is meant by this? It is no longer just about making the old industrial society ecological - which is already a huge task. We will get a completely new understanding of industrial production in Europe. The question is, who shapes it. Without an emission-free industry, we will not have an industrial core. And we will have to change our social policy fundamentally. In the dominant world view, people - radically formulated - are first and foremost market participants. How good a life is, how lucky you are to be, in digital capitalism is based solely on your success as a market participant. Where is happiness in market success? The number of your Facebook friends, your interests, your relationships, the way you do love - everything is valued. Your privacy is being capitalized. This puts her under increasing pressure. If you've read a book and Amazon knows that, then you'll be bombarded until you buy a second and a third similar book. So our life narrows more and more to what, defined by thirds, is the Markt strengthen. The irritability and nervousness penetrate into the private sphere. The radical counter-response is that we should not think of people as market participants, but start from basic rights of participation in society. Are greens now fighting algorithms? At the very least, one should have a sense of self-determination about the kind of information that is revealed. One should be able to say with a click whether one agrees after a purchase with the passing on of the data. If you read the book "Fifty Shades of Gray" on a Kindle and mark something on page x, then three days later you will get exactly the offer for the sexual practice that you have marked there. If you want that, please. But you have to be able to make an active decision.What do you say people whose work will soon be doing computer programs? In agriculture, about 95 percent of jobs have been lost in the last 100 years. Nevertheless, today we have almost full employment. If we had said 150 years ago, we get travel agencies, we get educators, we get nurses, they would have said, "Wat, care, that's what the family does, what should we do with it?" Digitization will eat many jobs, not just janitors, lawnmower jobs, driver jobs. But new activities will arise. And the political question is: do we create a state guarantee system that allows people to try something new professionally? If we do not do that and just stick to the old one, we'll get a problem. "Does that mean you want to levy taxes on machines?" If the work of machines becomes more and more of the competition of work people do, then it makes no sense to complain about human labor through high taxes. The state needs to tap into sources of finance elsewhere. It can take into account the environmental impact of the environment, whether it be CO₂ or pesticides. He can tax capital accumulation or new techniques that erode the old welfare state. There is a suggestion that those who replace machines with social insurance contributions must pay into the social security funds. The problem is the demarcation, your recording device, which they now run here, replaces a typist. It could also be a colleague sit, Steno can and writes. To draw the line is difficult here. And a tax on machines is always a tax on progress and slows it down. We honestly have no clear answer yet. They want to prevent high earners from saying goodbye to the solidarity system. What does that mean in concrete terms? It means that a privileged mini-company has private security lines, private schools, private transport services. That's neo-feudalism. Then we finally have a society like 300 years ago, in which the princes have teamed up and said: We are something better. Translated to today, this means that if "those up there" do what they want, people with median incomes can no longer explain why they should not say goodbye to democratic consensus. What do you say to green earners? That high wealth is not easy can accumulate uncontrollably. That paying taxes also means contributing something. And to the grand coalition, I say that inequality in this legislature can not get any bigger. Why is the new Green Party leader, Robert Habeck, treating the AfD so gently? I do not. But I also know that I can not win back convinced racists or tight right-wing extremists. They are no longer attainable for the democratic consensus. If I look at what's going on on Twitter and Facebook: these are linguistic threats that are no longer consistent with the political culture we know. It's about letting this right-wing extremist edge, which will probably always be there, not get bigger. But there are also people who feel that it is unfair in society. And we must be careful that they do not sit authoritarian Pied Piper. Is not that happening long ago? The racism of this second group gets louder. Yes. It always strikes me hard not to shout aloud. But so that we do not slip into conditions like Austria, Poland or Hungary, we must politicize, inspire and cohesion the left and liberal-progressive spectrum. If you respond to any provocation of AfD, it is always 2: 1 against one. Then the AfD sets up its steep thesis. Then you repeat them to invalidate them. So it is always heard twice what the other side wants. All the talk shows about the scandalous AfD have not led to the AfD weakening. 
 English-2 content:The green boss Habeck calls on the federal government to check whether the AfD would not have to be monitored by the constitutional protection. And he has thought about what a green home concept might look like, "we are looking for a policy that provides security." His office in the Party headquarters of the Greens is about as comfortable as an abandoned furniture store: older Resopal tables, telephones, a chandelier from his predecessor. Robert Habeck, 48, and Minister of the Environment in Schleswig-Holstein, was recently elected to the Greens with Annalena Baerbock. He comes a little late for the interview, but in a good mood, he hangs out of his pocket through the tangled headphone cable. SZ: Mr. Habeck, after the yes of the SPD to the Grand Coalition, you put a sad song on the net. The refrain means: always the same old record. Are you disappointed that the SPD rules now? Robert Habeck: As a citizen of this country, I am genuinely happy that we have a government, especially with regard to the global political situation. Look at the wars, look at the looming trade wars - Germany must now take its responsibility. On the other hand, as a person with political passion, I expect little. They will lose themselves on a small scale and will not answer the big questions. But it does not help. A new election would have been the admission of a failure of the political class. How do the Greens actually want to feel as the smallest parliamentary group? The size of the faction has nothing to do with how it is perceived. This has shown the angry speech of Cem Özdemir against the AfD. However, it is clear that we will hardly get majorities for our own applications. The Greens will therefore have to prove strongly extra-parliamentary. We will redefine "left-liberal" with answers that go beyond the legislature. One of our main priorities will be the creation of a solidarity system that goes beyond Hartz IV. Better yet: it replaces. In addition to all environmental issues. The Greens now want to recruit volatile SPD voters. How should this work? First and foremost, it's about political passion. This is not due to the seventh indent on page 13, but to the look: Does anyone have different opinions? Do you speak inviting or exclusive? If you exclaim every question with an answer, according to the motto: We decided everything in 2007. Or say: What was wrong in 2007 could be true today because the world is changing. Currently, Annalena Baerbock and I are trying to do just that. Does that go to non-green voters? You can not say that yet. But in Schleswig-Holstein, where I am still a minister, we have also managed to win the trust of people who do not choose environmentally friendly per se. They see us as people with a value compass who want to change something for society. Taking into account the interests of those who have difficulties with change. With the understanding that fishermen, farmers and farmers - even for understandable reasons - are struggling with green ideas. The SPD is torn between high school councilors and mayors. Here morals, there harsh reality. Are the Greens threatening to compete with a new social policy for SPD voters? Something always threatens. The safest bank would be to concentrate on small, own milieus. And to say: we agree that we have a majority in our seven percent range. That's convenient, but clearly not enough. Everyone senses that something is moving in Germany that is much bigger than overwriting a hard drive. They call for radical social changes. What do you mean with that? It is no longer just about making the old industrial society ecological - which is already a big task. We will get a completely new understanding of industrial production in Europe. The question is who shapes it. Without an emission-free industry, we have no industrial core. And we have to change our social policy fundamentally. In the prevailing world view, people - radically formulated - are first and foremost market participants. How good a life is, how lucky you can be, based in digital capitalism solely on your success as a market participant. Where is luck in the market success? The number of your Facebook friends, your interests, your relationships, your way of loving - everything is appreciated. Your privacy is very important. This puts them under increasing pressure. If you have read a book and Amazon knows that, you will be bombarded until you buy a second and a third similar book. So our life narrows more and more to what, defined by thirds, is MarStrengthen kt. The irritability and nervousness invade privacy. The radical backlash is that we should not consider people as market participants, but assume the fundamental rights of participation in society. Do greens play against algorithms now? At a minimum, one should have a sense of self-determination about the kind of information that is revealed. One should be able to say with a click whether one agrees after a purchase with the passing on of the data. If you read the book "Fifty Shades of Gray" on a Kindle and mark something on page x, then three days later you will receive exactly the offer for the sexual practice that you have marked there. If you want that, please. But you have to be able to make an active decision. What do you say people whose work will soon make computer programs? In agriculture, about 95 percent of jobs have been lost in the last 100 years. Nevertheless, today we have almost full employment. If we said 150 years ago that we got travel agents, we got educators, we got nurses, they would have said, "Wat, mind you, that's what the family does, what should we do with it?" Digitization will engulf many jobs, not just janitors, lawnmower jobs, driver jobs. But new activities will arise. And the political question is: Do we create a state guarantee system that allows people to try something new professionally? If we do not do that and just stay with the old one, we get a problem. "Does that mean you want to levy taxes on machines?" If the work of machines becomes more and more the competition of work, then it makes no sense to complain about high labor taxes. The state has to tap sources of funding elsewhere. It can take into account the environmental impact of the environment, be it CO₂ or pesticides. It can tax capital accumulation or new techniques that undermine the old welfare state. It is proposed that those who replace machines with social security contributions must pay into the social security funds. The problem is the demarcation, your recording device that they are now running here replaces a typist. It could also be a colleague sitting, Steno can and writes. Here it is difficult to draw the line. And a tax on machines is always a progress tax and slows them down. To be honest, we do not have a clear answer yet. They want to prevent the better-off people from leaving the solidarity system. What does that mean in concrete terms? It means that a privileged mini-company has private security lines, private schools, private transport services. That's neo-feudalism. Then we finally have a society like 300 years ago, in which the princes have teamed up and said: We are something better. Translated, this means that if "those up there" do what they want, middle-income people can no longer explain why they should not abandon the democratic consensus. What do you say to green earners? That high wealth is not easy, can accumulate uncontrollably. Paying taxes also means contributing something. And I say to the Grand Coalition that inequality in this legislature can not increase. Why is the new leader of the Green Party, Robert Habeck, treating the AfD so gently? I do not do. But I also know that I can not win back convinced racists or close right-wing extremists. They are no longer attainable for the democratic consensus. If I look at what's going on on Twitter and Facebook: These are linguistic threats that are no longer compatible with the political culture we know. It's about letting this right-wing extremist border, which will probably always be there, not get bigger. But there are also people who feel unfair in society. And we have to be careful that they are not sitting authoritarian Pied Piper. Has not that happened for a long time? The racism of this second group is getting louder. Yes. It's always hard for me not to scream out loud. But lest we get into conditions like Austria, Poland or Hungary, we need to politicize, inspire and hold together the left and the liberal-progressive spectrum. If you respond to a provocation from AfD, it's always 2: 1 against one. Then the AfD puts on their steep thesis. Then you repeat them to invalidate them. It is always heard twice what the other side wants. All talk shows about the scandalous AfD have not led to the weakening of the AfD. 

English content: The SPD base has cleared the way for a new grand coalition led by Chancellor Merkel. After five months of political insecurity, the SPD members have cleared the way for a new Grand Coalition under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel (CDU). In the vote on the coalition agreement negotiated with the Union, a clear majority of 66.02 percent of the participating members voted yes, as the SPD announced. It is already the third grand coalition for Merkel, who has ruled since 2005. "We now have clarity: The SPD will enter the next federal government," said the acting party leader Olaf Scholz after announcement of the result. In total, 378,437 votes were cast. Voting rights were 463,722 members. The participation was thus 78.39 percent. 239,604 members voted yes, 123,329 no. This was announced by treasurer Dietmar Nietan, who was responsible for the counting. 161 days after the election to the Bundestag, the longest-ever formation of a government is entering its final phase. Merkel's election as Chancellor is scheduled for March 14 in the Bundestag. Many SPD politicians were relieved after the vote. The designated party leader Andrea Nahles spoke of a good result. "I am glad that's happened now," she said. SPD General Secretary Lars Klingbeil wrote on Twitter: "Thanks for the passionate debate in recent weeks Now: Rational govern and renew the SPD." Disappointed, however, expressed the Juso chairman and GroKo opponent Kevin Kühnert. "Started to win, so first: disappointment," he wrote on Twitter. The criticism of the GroKo remains. Now the question arises, who gets which post. This should be deliberately decoupled from the outcome of the membership decision because of suspicion at the base. The SPD presidency is to be taken over by Andrea Nahles as the first woman in the party's history at a special party convention on April 22. Until then, Olaf Scholz provisionally leads the SPD. The Hamburg mayor is to become federal finance minister and vice-chancellor. The SPD leadership wants to announce the occupation of its six ministries - including foreign and labor / social affairs - in the coming days. It is expected with excitement, who will get the Foreign Office. The CSU will make public probably this Monday their three minister names. It is known that CSU boss Horst Seehofer should take over the Interior, Building and Home division. In addition, the party gets traffic and development. The CDU sends the following ministers to the cabinet: Peter Altmaier (economics), Jens Spahn (health), Ursula von der Leyen (defense), Anja Karliczek (education), Julia Klöckner (agrarian), Helge Braun (chancellery). 
 English-2 content:The SPD base has cleared the way for a new grand coalition led by Chancellor Merkel. After five months of political insecurity, the SPD members have paved the way for a new grand coalition under the leadership of German Chancellor Angela Merkel (CDU). In the vote on the coalition agreement negotiated with the Union, a clear majority of 66.02 percent of the participating members voted in favor, as the SPD announced. It is already the third grand coalition for Merkel, which has been governing since 2005. "We now have clarity: The SPD joins the next federal government," said reigning party chairman Olaf Scholz after the announcement of the result. In total, 378,437 votes were cast. The voting rights amounted to 463,722 members. The participation was thus 78.39 percent. 239,604 members voted yes, 123,329 no. This was announced by treasurer Dietmar Nietan, who was responsible for the counting. 161 days after the election to the Bundestag, the longest government formation so far is in its final phase. Merkel's election as Federal Chancellor is scheduled for March 14 in the Bundestag. Many SPD politicians were relieved after the vote. The designated party leader Andrea Nahles spoke of a good result. "I'm glad it happened now," she said. SPD General Secretary Lars Klingbeil wrote on Twitter: "Thanks for the passionate debate in recent weeks Now: Rational govern and renew the SPD." Disappointed, however, expressed the Juso chairman and Groko opponent Kevin Kühnert. "Began to win, so first: disappointment," he wrote on Twitter. The criticism of GroKo remains. Now the question arises, who gets which contribution. This should be deliberately decoupled from the outcome of the membership decision on suspicion at the base. The SPD presidency will be taken on 22 April at a special party of Andrea Nahles as the first woman in the party history. Until then, Olaf Scholz provisionally leads the SPD. The Hamburg mayor is to become federal finance minister and vice-chancellor. The SPD leadership wants to announce in the coming days the occupation of its six ministries - also from abroad and the work / social affairs. It is eagerly awaited who will receive the Foreign Office. The CSU is likely to release its three ministerial names on Monday. It is known that CSU boss Horst Seehofer should take over the Interior, Building and Home. In addition, the party gets traffic and development. The CDU sends the following ministers to the cabinet: Peter Altmaier (economics), Jens Spahn (health), Ursula von der Leyen (defense), Anja Karliczek (education), Julia Klöckner (agrarian), Helge Braun (law firm). 

English content: As the police Rostock reports, the girl had been yesterday morning with a girlfriend in Waren / Müritz on the way. Around noon, the two girls went to the station in Waren, where Sophie boarded a train in the direction of Rostock. In her home in Rostock-Toitenwinkel, however, she never arrived. After the publication of a wanted image, the 14-year-old could be found in Waren after a short time. The girl is fine so far and she is safe. The police thanked the public for the active sympathy and the clues that ultimately led to the search. The 14-year-old article found a missing person's case first appeared on Wizelife. 
 English-2 content:As reported by the Rostock police, the girl had been in Waren / Müritz yesterday morning with a friend. Around noon, the two girls went to the station in Waren, where Sophie boarded a train in the direction of Rostock. However, she never arrived at her home in Rostock-Toitenwinkel. After the publication of a wanted picture, the 14-year-old could be found in Waren after a short time. The girl is ready and she is safe. The police thanked the public for the active sympathy and guidance that led to the search. The 14-year-old article first found the case of a missing person on Wizelife. 

English content: One of the four defendants, the joint heavy rape of a 56-year-old woman in Dessau in August last year now admitted in court. His own direct involvement, however, denied the 19-year-old vehemently. Another accused 22-year-old asserted word that he could remember nothing due to unfamiliar consumption of alcohol. Both suspects have one thing in common: They were involved in their interrogation in contradictions that can doubt their credibility. This was the interim result of the trial on Tuesday. According to the negotiation plan, next week the two remaining defendants will first be questioned by the presiding judge Siegrun Baumgarten. This is a 21-year-old and another 19-year-old, also asylum seekers from the African country. As has been learned from investigative circles, they are considered "less willing to cooperate." Already the first day of the negotiation gave an idea of ​​what role a woman plays in the case of the defendants. The impression made by the statements had a shocking effect on the spectators in the hall. The two defendants interviewed suggested that they were talking about sex and nothing else. The concerns of her victim played and play no role. Three pages of the indictment were read. The police investigation results showed numerous allegations, which gave an image of unrestrained brutality. The abuse was thus coercively forced by blows, gross use of force and threat to disfigure the victim. The woman, who tries to supplement her livelihood by collecting returnable bottles, was degradingly undressed, dragged over concrete steps of a staircase behind a former school building in the city center and injured with a broken beer bottle, prosecutors say. The perpetrators are then said to have passed over an hour and in turn to their victim, who suffered a stab wound on the cheekbone, abrasions and bruises as well as a shock by the rape and had to be hospitalized for several days. According to the indictment, the Eritreans, accused of particularly severe rape, left ample traces of DNA. They did not use condoms in the gang rape near the Schlossplatz.The observers' attempts to minimize their responsibility to trial observers seemed staggering. Although even a video of the crime could be secured, the defendants referred to memory gaps. Sultan A., for example, justified himself among other things with this: "I am a Muslim and therefore can not tolerate alcohol." Therefore, he could say nothing to the point. Which martyrdom suffered the woman, was also concealed by Samiel H. long time. At close range, he did not want to testify that the victim was held by two men and the woman's mouth was shut. He did not see that, but talked on the phone. When he persisted in persuading the victim's lawyer, he ended his eternal "I do not know". Asked how the victim behaved, he admitted, "She was crying." The trial will continue next Tuesday. (mz) This article was written by Ralf BöhmeThe contribution Brutal and unrestrained: Over an hour and in turn passed to victims first appeared on Mitteldeutsche Zeitung. 
 English-2 content:One of the four defendants, the joint heavy rape of a 56-year-old woman in Dessau last August, has now admitted to trial. However, his own direct involvement vehemently denied the 19-year-old. Another 22-year-old defendant claimed that he could remember nothing because he did not consume alcohol. Both suspects have one thing in common: they have become involved in contradictions that can doubt their credibility. This was the interim result of the trial on Tuesday. After the negotiation plan, the two other defendants will be questioned next week by the presiding judge Siegrun Baumgarten. This is a 21-year-old and another 19-year-old, including asylum seekers from the African country. As known from investigative circles, they are considered "less willing to cooperate". The very first day of the trial gave an insight into the role a woman plays in the case of the accused. The impression of the statements shocked the audience in the hall. The two defendants interviewed suggested they talk about sex and nothing else. The worries of her victim played and do not matter. Three pages of the indictment were read. The police investigation results showed numerous allegations, which gave a picture of unrestrained brutality. The abuse was thus forcibly enforced by beatings, brutal use of force and threat to disfigure the victim. The woman, who tries to supplement her livelihood by collecting returnable bottles, has been degraded degradingly, dragged over concrete staircase steps behind a former school building in the city center, and injured with a broken beer bottle, prosecutors say. The perpetrators reportedly raided their victim for more than an hour, suffering a puncture on the cheekbones, abrasions and bruises, as well as a shock from the rape and had to go to hospital for several days. According to the indictment, the Eritreans, who are accused of particularly heavy rape, have left abundant DNA. They did not use a condom in the gang rape near Schlossplatz. The observers' attempts to minimize their responsibility to the process observers seemed staggering. Although even a video of the crime could be secured, the defendants referred to memory gaps. Among other things, Sultan A. justified himself with this: "I am a Muslim and therefore can not tolerate alcohol." So he could not say anything. What martyrdom the woman suffered, was also hidden by Samiel H. long time. At close range he did not want to say that the victim was being held by two men and that the woman's mouth was closed. He did not see that, but he was on the phone. When he insisted on convincing the victim's lawyer, he ended his eternal "I do not know". When asked how the victim behaved, he admitted, "She was crying." The process will continue next Tuesday. (mz) This article was written by Ralf Böhme The contribution Brutal and unrestrained: For more than an hour victims went to the Central German newspaper. 

English content: W
When he thinks of crime in Berlin, he gets excited about Görlitzer Park, where economic refugees from sub-Saharan Africa are selling drugs. That seems so spectacular because they do so quite openly in daylight. The men are not agitated. Even "faz.net" bloggers dare to take cell phone photos of the scandalous activity just a few tens of meters away. Bad Berlin! Since a few days the capital is again a city without a sheriff - and without a deputy. Police chief Klaus Kandt was fired, his deputy Margarete Koppers promoted. The heads behind the dealer slaves from the park that does not really matter. The truth is that for decades the criminal Arab clans have done what they want in Berlin, how they want it and when they want it. Drug trafficking, forced prostitution, gambling and targeted robberies. Poor Berlin! Here, organized crime, imported from the Levant, is all right: laissez-faire, partly based on ideology and partly on the basis of being a slave, in terms of residence status. Anyone who has arrived in Berlin from Lebanon or the Palestinian territories at some point in the 1980s, dances elegantly from time limit to time limit. State services are generously distributed and hardly questioned, even if the Hartz IV receiver with the Ferrari from the Sonnenallee to the Tauentzia rattles. Queries about how to get the money, may be answered with a shrug. To say that Berlin justice also consider the perspective of the perpetrators, is not exaggerated. The judgments are mild rather than deterrent, the organizations large enough to replace detained personnel. Stupid Berlin! One gets the impression that the clans belong to the very special Berlin folklore. In the TV series "4 Blocks" the drug godfather is a plagued family man, the evil administration repeatedly denied the German citizenship and thus the way to a legal existence. The real Abou Chaker clan was the helicopter parent Bushido as a troubadour for years like the US mafia once Frank Sinatra. Chaker man "Momo", mastermind of an attack on a poker tournament, was sentenced to seven years in prison, and after a relatively short period of detention, he went for an open trial. Good lawyers working for the clans. Expensive lawyers based on and around the fine Kurfürstendamm. And loyal lawyers who give everything even if a clan member is hurt in his honor, because he is referred to as a criminal. Mohamed from the Arefs clan was called a "pimp" by B.Z., whose editor-in-chief was I. At the instigation of his lawyer Julia Bezzenberger, we were sentenced to print a counter-statement. It had to be stated: Aref is not a pimp! That's even true: it was only determined against him because he should have rented sidewalk places to prostitutes. But does it make it better? You do not really have to write much more if you want to illustrate why the clans are especially comfortable in the German capital. And grow. And thrive. Oh, Berlin ... 
 English-2 content:W
When he thinks of crime in Berlin, he is enthusiastic about Görlitzer Park, where economic refugees from sub-Saharan Africa are selling drugs. That seems so spectacular because they do so openly in daylight. The men are not excited. Even "faz.net" bloggers dare to take cell phone photos of the scandalous activity just a few meters away. Bad Berlin! Since a few days, the capital is again a city without a sheriff - and no deputy. Police chief Klaus Kandt was fired, his deputy Margarete Koppers promoted. The heads behind the dealer-slaves from the park actually do not matter. The truth is that the criminal Arab clans have been doing for decades what they want in Berlin, how they want it and when they want it. Drug trafficking, forced prostitution, gambling and targeted robberies. The poor Berlin! Here is the organized crime imported from the Levant: laissez-faire, partly based on ideology and partly based on slavery in terms of residence status. Anyone who has ever arrived in the 1980s from Lebanon or the Palestinian territories in Berlin, dances elegantly from time to time. State services are generously distributed and hardly questioned, even if the Hartz IV receiver rattles with the Ferrari from Sonnenallee to Tauentzia. Questions about how to get the money can be answered with a shrug. To say that the Berlin judiciary also takes into account the perpetrators' perspective is not exaggerated. The judgments are mild rather than deterrent, the organizations big enough to replace imprisoned personnel. Stupid Berlin! One has the impression that the clans belong to very special Berlin folklore. In the TV series "4 Blocks," the drug godmother is a troubled family man who repeatedly denies the evil authorities German citizenship and thus the way to a legal existence. The true Abou Chaker clan has been the helicopter tribe Bushido as troubadour for years as the US mafia Frank Sinatra once. Chaker Man "Momo", the mastermind of a poker tournament attack, was sentenced to seven years in prison, and after a relatively brief detention period, went into an open trial. Good lawyers work for the clans. Expensive lawyers around the beautiful Kurfürstendamm. And loyal lawyers who give everything, even if a clan member is injured in his honor, because he is called a criminal. Mohamed, from the Arefs clan, was called "pimp" by B.Z., whose editor-in-chief I was. At the behest of his lawyer Julia Bezzenberger we were sentenced to a counter-notification. It had to be said: Aref is not a pimp! That's even true: it was only decided against him because he should have rented street cookies to prostitutes. But does it make it better? You do not really have to write much more if you want to show why the clans in the German capital are particularly comfortable. And grow. And thrive. Oh, Berlin ... 

English content: The Dresden Higher Regional Court has imposed long-term prison sentences in the terrorist process against the right-wing "Freital Group". Because of terrorist attacks on asylum-seeker homes and political opponents in Saxony, eight members of the far-right "Freital Group" have been sentenced to several years in prison.The Dresden Higher Regional Court After a one-year trial, he accused all those accused of forming a terrorist organization and sentenced to prison terms of four to ten years. Because of ring leadership, the defendants Timo S. and Patrick F. received the highest penalties at ten and nine and a half years, respectively. The federal prosecutor's office had demanded between the age of five juvenile offenses and eleven years imprisonment for the eight defendants. The defense, however, rejected the allegations of membership in a terrorist group and the attempted murder and demanded significantly lower penalties. According to the indictment, the seven men and one woman joined other like-minded people in the summer of 2015 for explosive bomb attacks on asylum seekers' homes and political opponents commit. They are in the same year under changing participation in total five attacks on the car of a left-wing city council Freital, on a party office of the Left Party, two refugee accommodations in the city and a left alternative housing project in Dresden have committed. In the self-built explosive devices, stones and illegal pyrotechnics, two people were injured. From the point of view of the Federal Prosecutor's Office, the defendants acted out of a right and xenophobic sentiment. They wanted to create "a climate of fear" and accepted the deaths of humans. 
 English-2 content:The Dresden Higher Regional Court has imposed long-term prison sentences in the terrorist trial against the right-wing "Freital Group". Due to terrorist attacks on asylum seekers and political opponents in Saxony, eight members of the right-wing extremist "Freital Group" were sentenced to several years in prison. The Dresden Higher Regional Court has, after a one-year trial, accused them of being accused of forming a terrorist organization and sentenced to four to ten years' imprisonment. Due to the ring leadership, the defendants Timo S. and Patrick F. received the highest sentences after ten and nine and a half years, respectively. The Federal Prosecutor's Office had demanded for the eight defendants between five juvenile offenses and eleven years in prison. However, the defense rejected allegations of membership in a terrorist group and attempted murder and demanded significantly lower sentences. According to the indictment, in the summer of 2015, the seven men and one woman joined forces with other like-minded people to launch explosives attacks on asylum-seeker homes and political opponents. In the same year, they were obliged to participate in a total of five attacks on the car of a left-wing city council Freital, a party office of the Left Party, two refugee camps in the city and a left alternative housing project in Dresden. In homemade explosive devices, stones and illegal pyrotechnics, two people were injured. From the point of view of the Federal Prosecutor's Office, the defendants acted out of right-wing and xenophobic sentiments. They wanted to create "a climate of fear" and accepted the death of humans. 

English content: The police are looking for two men who have apparently beaten down two Munichers for no reason and brutally beat them. 
 English-2 content:The police are looking for two men who apparently beat down two Munichers for no reason and beat them brutally. 

English content: Across Europe, the public-law is currently being violently attacked. According to a survey, there is currently no majority in Germany for the abolition of public service broadcasting. However, opinions on this issue are clearly diverging. About 55 percent of the participants in a Civey survey for the newspapers of the Funke Mediengruppe want to keep the public service broadcasting. However, with around 39 percent of the total 5034 respondents, a minority advocated abolition. The survey also revealed clear differences between East and West as well as men and women. While in the east of Germany more than 43 percent ask the question "Should public service broadcasting be abolished in Germany?" yes, it was six percentage points less in the western states (37 percent). And while around 43 percent of women are in favor of abolition, only 35 percent of men want that. In terms of party-political preferences, it is evident that AfD voters in particular reject public service broadcasting: a total of 80 percent of respondents from this group are here on party line. Top politicians of the right-wing populist AfD had in recent months repeatedly critically dealt with ARD and ZDF. They speak of "state radio" and throw the broadcasters in the refugee policy one-sided coverage vor.Größter support among SPD and Greens voters get most support ARD, ZDF and Deutschlandradio in the survey of SPD and Green voters. They spoke out against the abolition with a good 78 percent (Greens) and 76 percent (SPD). In Switzerland on Sunday is about the future of public service broadcasting. The Swiss then vote on the abolition of the broadcasting fee. The government warns that this would be the end of the broadcaster SRG, the Swiss counterpart to ARD and ZDF. Here is an overview of the arguments of the advocates and opponents of the initiative. The pollster Civey took into account the responses of 5034 population-representative selected respondents from 23 February to 2 March for the overall result. The statistical error of the results is 2.5 percent. 
 English-2 content:All over Europe, public law is currently being violently attacked. According to a survey, there is currently no majority in Germany for the abolition of public service broadcasting. However, the opinions on this topic are clearly divergent. About 55 percent of the participants in a Civey survey for the newspapers of the Funke Mediengruppe want to keep the public service broadcasting. However, with around 39 percent of the 5034 respondents, a minority supported the abolition. The survey also revealed significant differences between East and West as well as men and women. While in the East of Germany more than 43 percent ask the question: "Should public service broadcasting in Germany be abolished?" Yes, it was six percentage points less in the western states (37 percent). And while around 43 percent of women are in favor of abolition, only 35 percent of men want it. In terms of party-political preferences, it is evident that AfD voters in particular reject public service broadcasting: a total of 80 percent of respondents from this group are here on party line. Top politicians of the right-wing populist AfD had in recent months repeatedly critically dealt with ARD and ZDF. They speak of the "state radio" and throw the broadcasters in the refugee policy a one-sided coverage vor.Größter support among SPD and Greens voters receive ARD, ZDF and Deutschlandradio support in the survey of SPD and Green voters the most. They spoke out against a good 78 percent (Greens) and 76 percent (SPD) against the abolition. In Switzerland, Sunday is about the future of public service broadcasting. The Swiss then vote on the abolition of the broadcasting fee. The government warns that the SRG, the Swiss counterpart to ARD and ZDF would stop it. Here is an overview of the arguments of the advocates and opponents of the initiative. The pollster Civey took into account the responses from 5034 selected representative respondents from 23 February to 2 March for the overall result. The statistical error of the results is 2.5 percent. 

English content: The SPD members voted by a large majority for a new edition of the grand coalition. SPD treasurer Dietmar Nietan announced that 66.02 percent of the valid votes were cast for the grand coalition. The turnout was 78.39 percent. Now the way is clear for the beginning of February negotiated coalition agreement with the Union - more than five months after the election to the Bundestag. "We now have clarity," said acting SPD chief Olaf Scholz. He has already informed Chancellor Angela Merkel (CDU) about the result. The clear agreement gives the party strength for the upcoming process of renewal. The critics of a new grand coalition with the Union will actively participate in the renewal debate, according to Scholz. The vote attracted a good 463,000 members of the party from February 20 to the evening of March 2. Around 120 volunteer volunteers sent by the regional associations had counted the ballots in the night of Sunday under notary supervision. All developments regarding the SPD members' decision can be followed in our live blog. 
 English-2 content:The SPD members voted by a large majority for a new edition of the Grand Coalition. SPD Treasurer Dietmar Nietan announced that 66.02 percent of the valid votes were cast for the Grand Coalition. The turnout was 78.39 percent. Now the way is clear for the beginning of February negotiated coalition agreement with the Union - more than five months after the election to the Bundestag. "We now have clarity," said SPD chief Olaf Scholz. He has already informed Chancellor Angela Merkel (CDU) about the result. The clear agreement gives the party strength for the upcoming renewal process. The critics of a new grand coalition with the Union will actively participate in the renewal debate, said Scholz. From February 20 until the evening of March 2, a good 463,000 party members came. Around 120 volunteers posted by the regional associations counted the ballots on the night of Sunday under notarial supervision. All developments regarding the decision of the SPD members can be followed in our live blog. 

English content: D
he patience with the clans ends, federal politics finally wants to act effectively against them. Experts in politics, the judiciary and the police are calling for a tougher approach against large criminal families. "We want to increase the pressure of persecution by all means," said Union Fraction Vice Stephan Harbarth. More personnel and better investigative tools are needed. "Given the separation and isolation of the clans from the rest of society, successes will only be possible through substantial covert action and extensive interception and surveillance." The "Pact for the rule of law" agreed with the SPD will be here Bring progress. Also the domestic spokesman of the union, Stephan Mayer (CSU), said that the "fight against criminal clans" must be led "with all hardness". They destroyed the "trust in the rule of law and undermine state structures by living in a criminal parallel society." Burkhard Lischka, domestic spokesman for the SPD parliamentary group, was in favor of the recently introduced by the federal stricter rules "in practice also concrete applied - such as facilitating the confiscation of assets. Beyond that, however, the coordination point Organized Crime at the Federal Criminal Police Office still needs to be developed ", as Lischka.Tom Schreiber, interior expert in the Berlin SPD parliamentary group, demanded that" the instruments that are already there be finally used ". Clan members would have "great freedom" - one would have to "take them the fun of Berlin". Criminal clans as part of organized crime (OK) are apparently gaining influence right in the capital. Research by WELT AM SONNTAG shows that Arabian extended families dominate the drug market and the red light scene and collect protection money all over the city. Exact numbers about members and extent does not exist. But the Berlin district Neukölln already speaks of ten Arab extended families with a total of 1000 members. North Rhine-Westphalia has now announced to create a corresponding situation picture. "Only if our forces and criminologists know exactly how these clans work, how their structures are, they can develop tailor-made operational measures," said NRW Interior Minister Herbert Reul. The population "should know what is in this area thing." The CDU politician wants to apply a "zero tolerance strategy", with strong police presence and consistent intervention. In addition, "we must smash the structures of the clans". Sjors Kamstra, chief prosecutor in Berlin and responsible for OK, warned that the crime loot is increasingly fed into the legal money cycle. "Once clan criminals are ready to do legal business, they are largely beyond our reach." One should increase the pressure. "They show in the street that they do not care about the state power, that they can do what they want." The police unions also warn: "Meanwhile, the clans have put their illegally acquired money into the legal business cycle, which makes it difficult to prove true machinations, "said Benjamin Jendro of the police union in Berlin. "In many cases, the train has already left," says Rainer Wendt, head of the German police union. "Perfect parallel societies elude our rules." Michael Böhl of the German Detective Association stated: "There is an attempt to infiltrate the state and its authorities." The federal government and the states would have to start in the schools and prevent children and adolescents From a clan even make a criminal career in the first place. "The Union politicians pleaded for criminal clan members more consistent in their countries of origin. "It must be decidedly made use of the recently improved possibility of deporting foreign clan members," said Mayer. Harbarth said the repatriation must "be given foreign policy importance" so that the countries of origin refused to accept admission. 
 English-2 content:D
The patience with the clans ends, the federal policy finally wants to act effectively against them. Experts from politics, the judiciary and the police demand a tougher approach against big criminal families. "We want to increase the pressure of persecution by all means," said Union Harbor, vice president of the Union Fraction. More staff and better investigative tools are needed. "With the separation and isolation of clans from the rest of society, successes will only be possible through substantial covert action and comprehensive monitoring and surveillance." The "Pact for the Rule of Law" agreed with the SPD will be here. Bring progress. The union's domestic spokesman Stephan Mayer (CSU) said the "fight against criminal clans" must be conducted "with all severity". They have destroyed the "rule of law and undermined state structures by living in a criminal parallel society". Burkhard Lischka, domestic spokesman for the SPD parliamentary group, spoke in favor of the recently introduced by the federal tightened rules "in practice also concretely" - such as the facilitation of confiscation of assets - from the Federal Criminal Police Office still needs to be developed, "said Lischka.Tom Schreiber, interior expert of the SPD parliamentary group in Berlin, said that "the instruments that already exist are finally being used." Clan members have "great freedom" - they have to make "the fun of Berlin." Criminal clans as part of organized crime ( OK) seem to be gaining influence right in the capital, as research by WELT AM SONNTAG shows that large Arab families dominate the drug market and the red light scene and collect protection money all over the city, but there are no exact numbers of members or scale Neukölln already speaks of ten large Arab families with a total of 1000 members North Rhine-Westphalia has now announced to create a corresponding situation picture. "Only when our forces and criminologists know exactly how these clans work, how their structures are, they can develop tailor-made operational measures," said NRW Interior Minister Herbert Reul. The population "should know what is in this area". The CDU politician wants to apply a "zero tolerance strategy" with strong police presence and consistent intervention. In addition, "we must smash the structures of the clans". Sjors Kamstra, chief prosecutor in Berlin and responsible for OK, warned that the crime loot is increasingly flowing into the legal money cycle. "Once clan criminals are ready to do legal business, they are largely out of our reach." You should increase the pressure. "They show on the street that they do not care about state power, that they can do what they want." The police unions also warn: "Meanwhile, the clans have put their illegally acquired money in the legal business cycle, which makes it difficult to prove true machinations," said Benjamin Jendro of the police union in Berlin. "In many cases, the train has already left," says Rainer Wendt, head of the German police union. "Perfect parallel societies are beyond our rules." Michael Böhl of the German detective association said: "It is trying to infiltrate the state and its authorities." The federal government and the states would have to start in the schools and prevent children and adolescents from a clan even make a criminal career. "The Union politicians pleaded for more consistent representation of criminal clan members in their countries of origin." The recently improved ability to deport foreign clan members must be used decisively, "Mayer said, adding that the repatriation must be" given foreign policy importance "so that the countries of origin refused to accept it. 

English content: "No, no, no - my dad, please," you hear a girl complain in a video scene. "Help", the little girl then screams loudly and wriggles her feet while a policeman walks with her on the arm to the gray VW, who stands in the playground of the elementary school Helbra. She screams loudly, calls to her dad and cries when the Official puts her in the back seat of the car. He closes the door. The gate of the school opens. The car leaves the area. There are dramatic scenes that took place on Monday afternoon at the elementary school Helbra. A bailiff has enforced the decision of the Higher Regional Court with the help of the police and employees of the Youth Welfare Office that an eight-year-old girl no longer with the child's father, but In the future, his mother should grow up. When the execution begins, the father of the school grounds will be expelled. However, he succeeds over a wall away to film the events and call his daughter. With hands and feet, the girl defends against the police officer on Monday to get into the car. A first attempt fails because she clings to a strut on the roof. "No," she screams incessantly, calling for her dad and for help. She cries. "Then I'd rather go to all the kids," she says, probably referring to a home. The screams of the eight-year-olds were heard at school and down to the street. (mz) now convey with this post? That the police act inhumane? That the mother who has child custody is evil? Who was raped? Half a post without recognizable "message".
Write an answer 
 English-2 content:"No, no, no - my father, please," you hear a girl complaining in a video scene. "Help", then the little girl screams loudly and shakes her feet while a policeman walks with her on the arm to the gray VW, who is standing on the playground of the elementary school Helbra. She screams loudly, calls to her father and cries when the officer puts her in the back seat of the car. He closes the door. The gate of the school opens. The car leaves the area. There are dramatic scenes that took place on Monday afternoon in the elementary school Helbra. A bailiff has made the decision of the Higher Regional Court with the help of the police and employees of the Youth Welfare Office that an eight-year-old girl should no longer grow up with the father of the child, but in the future his mother. When the execution begins, the father of the school grounds is deported. However, he manages over a wall to film the events and call his daughter. With hands and feet, the girl defends against the police officer on Monday to get into the car. A first attempt fails because she clings to a strut on the roof. "No," she screams incessantly, calling for her father and for help. She cries. "Then I'd rather go to all the kids," she says, probably referring to a home. The screams of the eight-year-olds were heard at school and on the street. (mz) now convey with this post? That the police behave inhumane? That the mother, who has custody, is evil? Who was raped? A half post without recognizable "message".
Write an answer 

English content: The Manifesto of Kandel - Ten Demands of the Women of Kandel to restore protection and security in Germany. We demand: Kandel is everywhere, The Women's Alliance This contribution is solely the opinion of the women's alliance. It does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the publisher or the opinion of other authors of these pages.Kandel demonstrations: Kandel's manifesto - livestreams hindered - WhatsApp collapsedImad Karim at the funeral march in Kandel: Protecting and defending "Homeland of your forefathers" with "Basic Law as Compass" Demos in Cottbus, Kandel, Berlin: What moves the Germans to take to the streets? The Wegschauer-Republic: blows for "shit Germans" - What a mother reported in Kandel 
 English-2 content:The Manifesto of Kandel - Ten Demands of the Women of Kandel to restore protection and security in Germany. We demand: Kandel is everywhere, The Women's Alliance This post is solely the opinion of the Women's Alliance. It does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the publisher or the opinion of other authors of these pages.Kandel demonstrations: Kandels Manifesto - Livestreams obstructed - WhatsApp collapsesImad Karim at the funeral march in Kandel: Protection and defense "Homeland of your ancestors" with "Basic law as compass" Demos in Cottbus, Kandel, Berlin: What moves the Germans to the streets? The Wegschauer-Republic: blows for "shit Germans" - What a mother in Kandel reported 

English content: Racist remarks in an Ash Wednesday speech, nepotism as a reproach: The AFD faction in Saxony-Anhalt apparently enough. She urges her chairman Poggenburg after information from NDR, WDR and "SZ" to the resignation. By Sebastian Pittelkow, NDR, and Katja Riedel, WNOne of the most controversial AfD politicians could face the overthrow: The parliamentary group Saxony-Anhalt has its chairman Andre Poggenburg According to information from NDR, WDR and "Süddeutsche Zeitung" in a confidential meeting last week expressed the mistrust. Should he not resign himself, he would next week dismissed his position as group leader, it is said from the faction.Poggenburg was last advised nationwide in the criticism, after he political Ash Wednesday in the Saxon Pirna, the Turks living in Germany as "cumin trader "and" camel driver "had vilified. He called people with dual citizenship "fatherless rabble". Apparently, many of his group colleagues also felt that this speech was too extreme. The parliamentary group of Saxony-Anhalt, whose boss Poggenburg is still alive today, is said to have put the question of confidence in a secret meeting on February 27th. According to participants, only one-fifth of the parliamentary group had expressed their confidence in a secret vote Poggenburg. Poggenburg had been asked to resign from the group chairmanship and also recommended that he resign as party leader in Saxony-Anhalt. Too much feared, "to be put through his behavior in the far right corner," as a member of the AFD reported. "Poggenburg failed, above all, in itself." After the vote, the group had imposed a "vow of silence". For next week, however, a press release is planned - either by Poggenburg himself or by his group colleagues, which deprive him of confidence. As a successor to Poggenburg's previous deputy, Oliver Kirchner, have good chances, it says from the group. Within the AfD Saxony-Anhalt, the criticism is said to have ignited not only Poggenburg's right course and his verbal failures. Some members of parliament also criticized the fact that Poggenburg's partner had been hired by the parliamentary group. This combination had already been put forward by his critics at the Federal Party Congress in Hanover. Earlier, Poggenburg had already stated that while his partner was training as a clerk at the branch office, there was no financial dependency between him and her. Poggenburg himself was not available for comment today. His deputy Kirchner confirmed only, the group had under the point "evaluation Ash Wednesday speech on February 27. Obtained a picture of opinion." This is about internal parliamentary matters, which should initially be treated internally until they were finally clarified. "Also a spokeswoman The group did not want to comment on the events. 
 English-2 content:Racist remarks in an Ash Wednesday speech, nepotism as a reproach: The AFD faction in Saxony-Anhalt seems enough. She calls on its chairman Poggenburg after information from NDR, WDR and "SZ" to resign. By Sebastian Pittelkow, NDR and Katja Riedel, WNOn could be the most controversial AfD politician to overthrow: The faction Saxony-Anhalt has its chairman Andre Poggenburg, according to NDR, WDR and "Süddeutsche Zeitung" in a confidential conversation last week Distrust. If he does not resign himself, he would next week drop his position as group leader, it says from the faction. Poggenburg was last advised nationwide in the criticism, after he had denigrated on the political Ash Wednesday in the Saxon Pirna, the Turks living in Germany as a "cumin dealer" and "camel driver". He called people with dual citizenship "fatherless parble". Apparently, many of his colleagues thought that speech was too extreme. The parliamentary group of Saxony-Anhalt, whose boss Poggenburg still lives today, is said to have put the question of confidence in a secret meeting on February 27th. According to the participants, only one-fifth of the group had expressed their confidence in a secret vote Poggenburg. Poggenburg had been asked to resign from the group presidency and recommended that he resign as party leader in Saxony-Anhalt. Too much feared, "to enforce his behavior in the extreme right corner," as a member of the AFD reported. "Poggenburg has failed in itself." After the vote, the group had a "vow of silence" imposed. For next week, however, a press release is planned - either by Poggenburg itself or by his colleagues, who take his confidence. As a successor of Poggenburg's previous deputy, Oliver Kirchner, have good chances, it says from the group. Within the AfD Saxony-Anhalt criticism should not only have ignited Poggenburg's right course and his verbal failures. Some Members of Parliament also criticized that Poggenburg's partner had been recruited by the Group. His critics had already put forward this combination at the federal party convention in Hanover. Previously, Poggenburg had already stated that while his partner completed training as an office clerk at the branch, there was no financial dependency between him and her. Poggenburg itself could not be commented today. His deputy Kirchner only confirmed that the group had received an opinion under the point "Evaluation Ash Wednesday speech on 27 February". "It's about internal parliamentary matters, which should first be dealt with internally until they are finally clarified." Also a spokeswoman The group did not want to comment on the events. 

English content: The state finally wants to take more action against Arab family clans who have been doing their criminal business undisturbed so far. For years, Berlin has been a stronghold of criminal clans in Germany. Already in the district of Neukölln alone, around 1000 people are mostly from large Arab families who repeatedly appear with drug trafficking or pimping criminal appear, reports "Focus Online". The different approaches of the clan prepare the officials great challenges: Sjors Kamstra, senior prosecutor in Berlin and In charge of organized crime, Welt am Sonntag said there was a significant problem with the investigation. For the loot from clan crime is increasingly brought into the legal money cycle. Therefore, the pressure must be increased. "They show in the street that they do not care about the state power, that they can do what they want." The police unions also warn: the clans had now put their illegally acquired money into the legal business cycle. This makes it difficult "to prove their true machinations," said Benjamin Jendro of the Berlin police union of the "world" .Rainer Wendt, chief of the German police union, not only warns, he says: "In many cases, the train has long since lost. Perfect parallel societies elude our rules. "And Michael Böhl of the German Detective Association stated:" There is an attempt to infiltrate the state and its authorities. "Already in the schools, the federal and state governments would have to start to avoid" The laws and regulations in Germany favors the criminal machinations of the clans, but that's not enough - the criminal large families also take revenge on the police. Arrests police officers are provoked and filmed with cell phones, "Coats the cops with ads," is the watchword. "This is a tactic that should be followed to discredit colleagues," said Benjamin Jendro, spokesman for the Berlin Police Union (GdP) in Berlin, on the "Focus." However, this strategy was not only used by criminal clans but by other groups as well like left-wing extremists. "That has now become a popular sport," says Jendro. Also, the criminals are not afraid of doing business with sex. One of the most important source of income for clans is prostitution. They also denigrate police. The strategy: rumored rumors spread that "annoying" officials would even operate in the red light scene, said a police officer to the "Focus". Next says Benjamin Jendro to the newspaper: "We also see that in some cases, the presumption of innocence against the officials not attacks and is rashly reported about it. Such a slander is very stressful for our colleagues. "The criminal clans apparently also try to intimidate uncomfortable officials by specific threats. "It may happen that a slightly broader and relevant known relative appears and tells the colleague. "You know me." That puts pressure on the officials, "explains Jendro weiter.Eine another very common tactic of the clan is to position a member of the clan family in front of the office or even the private home of an investigating officer. This method is used to psychologically pressure police officers and intimidate them. Members of a Syrian clan in Saxony-Anhalt went one step further: a few months ago, they rioted in a police station after police tried to take a driver's license from a member of their gang, Jendro reports to the "Focus". The patience with the clans should now end: the federal policy wants to finally take effective action against it. Experts in politics, the judiciary and the police are calling for a tougher approach against large criminal families. "We want to increase the pressure of persecution by all means," said Union Fraction Vice Stephan Harbarth. More personnel and better investigation instruments are necessary, so Harbarth to the "world". In view of the isolation and isolation of the clans of the remaining society investigation successes would be possible only by substantially covert measures and extensive monitoring and monitoring measures, it is called by the police Union spokesman Stephan Mayer (CSU) said: "The fight against criminal clans must be carried out with all tenacity. For they would destroy the "trust in the rule of law and undermine state structures by living in a criminal parallel society." The stricter rules recently introduced by the federal government would now have to be applied in practice "- such as facilitating the confiscation of assets , Burkhard Lischka, domestic spokesman for the SPD parliamentary group said "still" for the coordination organisiThe interior expert in the Berlin SPD parliamentary group, Tom Schreiber, demanded that "finally the instruments that already exist are used consistently". The clan members would have "great freedom" - one must "take them the fun of Berlin". According to research by "Welt am Sonntag", criminal clans as part of organized crime in the capital should gain more influence. Thus, Arabian extended family dominate the drug market and the red light scene and extort protection money citywide. Exact figures on members and extent are not known. NRW Home Secretary Herbert Reul (CDU) said: "Only if our forces and criminologists know exactly how these clans work, their structures, they can develop tailor-made operational measures." Population "should know what is in this area thing." Berlin needed a "zero tolerance strategy" with strong police presence and consistent intervention. To this end, "we must smash the structures of the clans," said the politician to the "world". Union politicians plead for more consistent return of criminal clan members in their countries of origin. "It has to be decidedly made use of the recently improved possibility of deporting foreign clan members," said Stephan Mayer of the CSU.Unions politician Harbarth added: the repatriation "must also foreign policy greater importance" be granted so that the Experts on Arab clans in Germany: They "feel so strong now that they are attacking" Berlin: Jobcenter pays 25 Euro per night - Criminal clans gamble with refugee pensionsBerlin: infiltration of the police through immigrant clan? - Anonymous letter follows anonymous Audio-MessageEssen: Is a clan war threatening? - After attack by Lebanese clan on Iraqi tea room it was closed 
 English-2 content:The state finally wants to crack down on Arab family clans who have so far undone their criminal business. Berlin has been a stronghold of criminal clans in Germany for years. In the district of Neukölln alone, around 1000 people are mostly from large Arab families, who repeatedly appeared with drug trafficking or pimps, on the market, reports "Focus Online". The clan's different approaches pose great challenges to officials: Sjors Kamstra, a senior prosecutor in Berlin and an organizer of organized crime, told Welt am Sonntag that there was a significant problem with the investigation. For the loot of clan crime is increasingly brought into the legal money cycle. Therefore, the pressure must be increased. "They show on the street that they do not care about state power, that they can do what they want." The police unions also warn that the clans had put their illegally acquired money into the legal business cycle. That makes it difficult "to prove their true machinations," said Benjamin Jendro of the Berlin police union of the "world". Rainer Wendt, head of the German police union, not only warns, he says: "In many cases, the train has long since been lost." Perfect parallel societies elude our rules. "And Michael Böhl from the German Detective Association said:" The state is being tried and its authorities to infiltrate. "Already in the schools, the federal and state governments would have to start to avoid" The laws and regulations in Germany favor the criminal machinations of the clans, but that's not enough - the criminal extended families also take revenge on the police arrests of Police officers are provoked with mobile phones and filmed, "the police said" This is a tactic that should be followed to discredit colleagues, "said Benjamin Jendro, spokesman for the Berlin Police Union (GdP) in Berlin, about the" focus ". But this strategy was not only used by criminals c but also by other groups such as left-wing extremists. "It's a popular sport now," says Jendro. In addition, the criminals are not afraid to do business with sex. One of the most important sources of income for clans is prostitution. They also denigrate the police. The strategy: rumors spread rumors that "annoying" officials would operate even in the red light scene, said a police officer to the "Focus". Benjamin Jendro also says to the newspaper: "We also see that in some cases the presumption of innocence against the officials is not an attack and is rashly reported on, such a slander is very stressful for our colleagues." The criminal clans apparently try to intimidate even unpleasant officials by specific threats. "It may happen that a slightly wider and relevant known relative appears and tells the colleague." You know me. "That puts the officials under pressure," Jendro continues. Another very common tactic of the clan is the position of a member of the clan family in front of the office or even the private home of an investigator. This method is used to psychologically pressure police officers and intimidate them. Members of a Syrian clan in Saxony-Anhalt went one step further: a few months ago, they were dragged to a police station after the police attempted to take a driver's license from a member of their gang, Jendro reports to the Focus. The patience with the clans should now end: the federal policy wants to take effective action against it. Experts from politics, the judiciary and the police demand a tougher approach against big criminal families. "We want to increase the pressure of persecution by all means," said Union Harbor, vice president of the Union Fraction. More staff and better investigative tools are needed, says Harbart about the "world". Given the isolation and isolation of the remaining society's clans, only substantively covert measures and extensive surveillance and surveillance measures could be used to investigate, according to spokesman for the Union of Police, Stephan Mayer (CSU), who said: "The fight against criminal clans must come with all Perseverance, because they would "destroy confidence in the rule of law and undermine state structures by living in a criminal parallel society." The stricter rules recently introduced by the federal government would now have to be applied "Burkhard Lischka," spokesman the SPD parliamentary group said "still" for the coordination organizationThe interior expert of the Berlin SPD parliamentary group, Tom Schreiber, demanded that "finally the instruments that already exist are used consistently". The clan members had "great freedom" - they had to "prepare the fun of Berlin" for them. According to research by "Welt am Sonntag", criminal clans were to gain more influence in the capital as part of organized crime. Thus, the Arabian extended family dominates the drug market and the red light scene and blackmails protection money citywide. Exact details of members and scope are not known. NRW Interior Minister Herbert Reul (CDU) said: "Only when our forces and criminologists know exactly how these clans work, their structures, they can develop tailor-made operational measures." Population "should know what's in this area thing." Berlin needed a "zero tolerance strategy" with strong police presence and consistent intervention. To this end, "we must smash the structures of the clans," said the politician of the "world." Union politicians are calling for a more consistent return of criminal clan members in their countries of origin. "It must be resorted to the recently improved possibility of deportation of foreign clan members," said Stephan Mayer CSU.Unionspolitiker Harbarth added: The repatriation "must also foreign policy have greater importance," so that the experts for Arab clans in Germany: you "feel now so strong because they attack "Berlin: Jobcenter pays 25 euros per night - Criminal clans play with refugee pensionsBerlin: Police infiltration by immigrant clan? - Anonymous letter follows anonymous audio message Essen: Threatening a clan war? - It was closed after the Lebanese clan attacked the Iraqi tearoom 

English content: 161 days after the election to the Bundestag, nothing stands in the way of a government formation: the SPD members vote with 66 percent for the entry of their party into the grand coalition. In ten days, the election of the Chancellor can take place in the Bundestag. The SPD base has cleared the way for a new grand coalition. It voted in the membership decision with a majority of 66.02 percent for the coalition agreement negotiated with the CDU / CSU. "We now have clarity," said acting SPD chief Olaf Scholz at a press conference in the Willy Brandt House. "The SPD will enter the next federal government." He had already informed Chancellor Angela Merkel of the result of the vote. Overall, 378,437 votes were cast. Voting rights were 463,722 members. The participation was thus 78.39 percent - higher than the membership decision four years ago. 239,604 members voted Yes, 123,329 No, announced treasurer Dietmar Nietan, who was responsible for the count. With that, CDU leader Merkel can be elected Chancellor again in the Bundestag on 14 March. A no would, in all likelihood, sooner or later lead to new elections. Juso CEO Kevin Kühnert was disappointed: "criticism of GroKo remains," he tweeted. The CDU top welcomed the outcome of the vote. "It is good that there is now clarity in the SPD and she has decided months after the election to enter into a new government," said CDU Vice President Julia Klöckner. "In times of rapid change, even at the European level, reliability is required, so let's get to work together!" On the other hand, the Merkel critics of the conservative "value union" hope that the coalition will still fail. "Only the Chancellor's election in the Bundestag will show whether the coalition of the Union and the SPD actually has a resilient majority," tweeted her spokesman Alexander Mitsch.Die SPD tip to announce no later than March 12, who should occupy the six SPD ministries. The only thing that is clear so far is that Scholz should become federal finance minister and vice-chancellor. On the other hand, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, who is internally controversial because of his solo efforts, must expect his replacement. In contrast, Scholz, the former Minister of Justice Heiko Maas and the former Family Minister Katarina Barley are considered set. Scholz announced that half of the SPD would send female and male ministers. Among the departmental chiefs would be some ministers who officiated so far, some would be new to it, he said. Since the SPD in the general election had fallen to 20.5 percent and even worse in the current polls, especially many Jusos would SPD prefers to be seen in opposition. In contrast, the SPD spearheaded in recent weeks intensively for the entry of the party into a grand coalition. Despite the dispute, the party leadership always emphasized how important the junior organization was for the desired renewal process. "The Jusos will take care of the renewal of the SPD together with us starting Monday," said Secretary General Lars Klingbeil on Wednesday in an interview with n-tv.de. "We need their ideas and their passion for our party." Scholz said in announcing the result that the SPD "continued to grow together" with the discussions about joining a new grand coalition. The approval of about 66 percent give the party strength for the upcoming process of renewal. According to Scholz, the critics of a new grand coalition will be actively involved in the renewal debate. In parallel to the counting of the votes, the 45-member board met for a closed-door meeting to discuss the process of renewal. Scholz will be the acting SPD leader until the next party congress on April 22; In April parliamentary group leader Andrea Nahles should be elected party chairman. The votes of the members' vote had been counted during the night by 120 volunteers. In 2013, the SPD's first membership decision on a grand coalition had given its approval to around 76 percent. 
 English-2 content:161 days after the election to the Bundestag, nothing stands in the way of a government formation: The SPD members vote with 66 percent for the entry of their party into the grand coalition. In ten days, the Chancellor's election can take place in the Bundestag. The SPD base has cleared the way for a new grand coalition. He voted in the membership decision by a majority of 66.02 percent for the coalition agreement negotiated with the CDU / CSU. "We now have clarity," said SPD chief Olaf Scholz at a press conference in the Willy Brandt House. "The SPD will move into the next federal government." He has already informed Chancellor Angela Merkel of the result of the vote. In total, 378,437 votes were cast. The voting rights amounted to 463,722 members. The participation was thus 78.39 percent - higher than four years ago. 239,604 members voted Yes, 123,329 No, treasurer Dietmar Nietan, who was responsible for the count. Thus CDU leader Merkel can again be elected Federal Chancellor on March 14 in the Bundestag. A no would, in all likelihood, sooner or later lead to new elections. Juso CEO Kevin Kühnert was disappointed: "Criticism of GroKo remains," he tweeted. The CDU leadership welcomed the vote. "It is good that there is now clarity in the SPD and she decided months after the election of a new government," said CDU Vice President Julia Klöckner. "In times of rapid change, even at the European level, reliability is required, so let's work together!" On the other hand, the Merkel critics of the conservative "value union" hope that the coalition will still fail. "Only the Chancellor's election in the Bundestag will show whether the coalition of the Union and the SPD actually has a resilient majority," tweeted her spokesman Alexander Mitsch. The SPD tip is to announce no later than March 12, who should occupy the six SPD ministries. So far it is only clear that Scholz should become Federal Minister of Finance and Vice Chancellor. On the other hand, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, who is internally controversial because of his solo efforts, must count on his replacement. In contrast, Scholz, former Justice Minister Heiko Maas and former Family Minister Katarina Barley are considered set. Scholz announced that half of the SPD would send ministers. Among the department heads would be some ministers who have officiated so far, some would be new, he said. As the SPD had fallen in the parliamentary elections to 20.5 percent in the latest polls even worse, especially when many Young Socialists, the Social Democrats would prefer to be seen in opposition. In contrast, in recent weeks the SPD has campaigned intensely for the party's accession to a grand coalition. Despite the dispute, the party leadership always stressed the importance of the junior organization for the desired renewal process. "The Jusos will work together with us to ensure the renewal of the SPD from Monday," said Secretary General Lars Klingbeil on Wednesday in an interview with n-tv.de. "We need your ideas and passion for our party." By announcing the result, Scholz said that the SPD is "growing together" with the discussions about joining a new grand coalition. The approval of around 66 percent gives the party strength for the upcoming renewal process. According to Scholz, the critics of a new grand coalition are actively involved in the renewal debate. Parallel to the counting of votes, the 45-member board met for a closed-door meeting to discuss the renewal process. Scholz will be the acting SPD chairman until the next party congress on April 22; In April, group leader Andrea Nahles should be elected party chairman. The votes of the members were counted by 120 volunteers during the night. The first membership decision of the SPD on a grand coalition in 2013 had received about 76 percent approval. 

English content: Capitan visited his master daily for 11 years. He always appeared punctually in the cemetery where his old friend was buried. Despite his poor state of health, he always appeared reliable until he died at the age of 16. The grave-keepers found his lifeless body in the cemetery. The residents regret that Capitan is no longer there. Many insist that he is also buried in the cemetery and that a monument should remember his story. 
 English-2 content:Capitan visited his master daily for 11 years. He always appeared punctually in the cemetery where his old friend was buried. Despite his poor health, he was always reliable until he died at the age of 16 years. The keepers found his lifeless body in the cemetery. The residents regret that Capitan is no longer there. Many insist that he is also buried in the cemetery and that a monument should remember his story. 

English content: André Hoffmann and Takashi Usami scored the goals of the Dusseldorf, which now again ten points ahead of fourth place. This is occupied by the MSV Duisburg, where Fortuna on Sunday (13.30 clock) is a guest. Funkel had responded to the performances of the recent games and nominated in the right-back position Julian Schauerte instead of form-weak Jean Zimmer. Quite consistent, if not completely consistent: Niko Gießelmann had also remained on the left side of the back four last time also under his ability, but retained his place in the starting eleven. Genki Haraguchi returned to this after overcoming concussion.Bis just before kick-off, the coach had left this personage open, because he wanted to make sure that the Japanese are not threatened by a too early health problems. For Haraguchi had surprisingly Benito Raman on the bench - probably also because the Belgian with his speed great qualities as a "Joker" possesses. Even without Raman Fortuna began with brisk offensive play and rewarded early. In the ninth minute André Hoffmann steered a corner from Takashi Usami with the left hip into the goal. It was the second goal of the season for the central defender after his winner against Sandhausen. A little later came on Hoffmann, of course, new tasks to: his partner in the defense center, Kaan Ayhan, injured apparently without the intervention of an opponent and had to be replaced in the 25th minute against Adam Bodzek werden.Zeitestens now Hoffmann was the defensive chief - and got one immediately A lot of work. St. Pauli struggled, increasing the pace and storming forward with great force. The clearest opportunity resulted for Christopher Avevor. Ten minutes before half-time, former Fortune's Richard Neudecker's cross was just ahead of Dusseldorf's goal, but failed to hit the ball correctly. In injury time it was really strange. Fortuna goalkeeper Raphael Wolf wanted to hit the ball forward, hitting Hamburger striker Aziz Bouhaddouz, and bouncing off the ball to the left post. If the lead was still happy at halftime, they earned the hosts after the restart. From the 56th to the 58th minute, they played out huge opportunities for Rouwen Hennings (after splendid Vorarbeit von Schauerte), Usami and Gießelmann out. But Paulis goalkeeper Robin Himmelmann twice stood in the way of Fortuna's efforts, once Gießelmann headed the ball by inches on the case over. It was now a racy and attractive game to which the Hamburg contributed with courageous offensive play vigorously. A quarter of an hour before closing Fortuna made the bag. Shortly before that, Himmelmann had just parried Oliver Fink's shot, but then he was powerless against Usami's 18-yard attempt. St. Pauli's strike by Bouhaddouz in added time did not really cause any suspense. The Düsseldorfer delivered after the break a convincing performance and thus gave the right answer to the last three games in a row without victory. Here's the photo gallery: Fortuna - St. Pauli: Pictures of the game 
 English-2 content:André Hoffmann and Takashi Usami scored the goals of the Düsseldorfer, who are now ten points ahead of fourth place. This is occupied with the MSV Duisburg, where Fortuna on Sunday (13.30 clock) is a guest. Funkel had reacted to the performances of the last matches and nominated in the right-back position Julian Schauerte instead of weak Jean Zimmer. Quite consistent, though not entirely consistent: Niko Gießelmann had been on the left side of the defense four times, but kept his place in the starting eleven. Genki Haraguchi returned to this after overcoming the concussion. Shortly before the kick-off, the coach had left this personality open because he wanted to make sure that the Japanese were not threatened by premature health problems. Because Haraguchi had surprisingly Benito Raman on the bench - probably because the Belgian has great qualities as a "Joker" with his speed. Even without Raman Fortuna began with a quick offensive play and rewarded early. In the ninth minute André Hoffmann steered a corner of Takashi Usami with the left hip into the goal. It was the second goal of the season for the center-back after his winning goal against Sandhausen. a little later came to Hoffmann, of course, new duties too: his defense partner, Kaan Ayhan, apparently injured without the intervention of an opponent and now had to be defeated in the 25th minute against Adam Bodzek. At the earliest be replaced Hoffmann the defensive boss - and immediately got a lot of work. St. Pauli struggled, increasing the pace and storming forward with great force. The clearest opportunity came for Christopher Avevor. Ten minutes before the break, Richard Neudecker's cross from Fortune was just before the Düsseldorf goal, but failed on the ball. In stoppage it was really strange. Fortuna goalkeeper Raphael Wolf wanted to throw the ball forward, hit the Hamburg striker Aziz Bouhaddouz and bounce off the ball to the left post. If the lead was still happy at halftime, they deserve the hosts after the restart. From the 56th to the 58th minute, they played great opportunities for Rouwen Hennings (after splendid Vorarbeit von Schauerte), Usami and Gießelmann out. But Pauli's goalkeeper Robin Himmelmann was twice in the way of Fortuna when Gießelmann headed the ball by inches onto the box. It was now a racy and attractive game to which the hamburgers energetically contributed with courageous offensive play. Fifteen minutes before closing Fortuna made the bag. Himmelmann had recently parried Oliver Fink's shot, but he was powerless against Usami's 18-yard attempt. The strike of St. Pauli by Bouhaddouz in injury time caused no real tension. The Duesseldorfer delivered after the break a convincing performance and thus gave the last three games in a row without winning the right answer. Here is the photo gallery: Fortuna - St. Pauli: Pictures of the game 

English content: Since the AfD moved into the Bundestag, wrestle the other parties to the right approach to the right-wing populists. Purely factual? Cool? Or is it emotional? Green Cem Özdemir advocates a tough course. He thinks "nothing of Wattebuschchen far throw," said Özdemir the "star" in an interview. "You have to talk to the AfD the language you understand. These are not patriots, but Germans haters. "Özdemir had caused a stir in the Bundestag in late February with a speech. This was an application by the AFD Group to disapprove of articles by the journalist Deniz Yücel, who had recently been released from custody in Turkey (in the video). To start the grand coalition Özdemir appeals in the "star" to Union and SPD to take their responsibility for internal security seriously. Both people are in a dramatically bad state - about which only a cynic could be glad. Just for the Union, it was important to regain competence in the subject: "One almost wishes the good old Edmund Stoiber back, laptop and leather pants 'and a Beckstein as Minister of the Interior, who left nothing burning on the right. "In polls, especially the SPD had been regularly punished. So it was in a survey recently just one percentage point before the AfD. Since the entry of the right-wing populists in the Bundestag, the parties are struggling to deal properly with the deputies. At one point a purely factual confrontation is called for, sometimes an emotional one. In addition to Özdemir, the group leader Katrin Göring-Eckardt had caused a stir with a speech in the Bundestag to family reunification (in the video below). 
 English-2 content:Since the AfD moved into the Bundestag, wrestle the other parties of the right approach to the right-wing populists. Purely factual? Cool? Or is it emotional? Green Cem Özdemir advocates a tough course. He thinks "throwing nothing of cotton buds far," Özdemir told the "star" in an interview. "You have to speak the AfD with the language you understand - they are not patriots, they are German haters." Özdemir had caused a stir in the Bundestag at the end of February with a speech. This was a request by the AFD Group to reject the articles by journalist Deniz Yücel, who was recently released from custody in Turkey (in video). At the start of the Grand Coalition, Özdemir appeals in the "Star" to the Union and the SPD to take their responsibility for internal security seriously. Both people are in a dramatically bad state - which only a cynic could enjoy. Especially for the Union it was important to regain the competence: "One wishes almost the good old Edmund Stoiber back, laptop and leather pants" and a Beckstein as Minister of the Interior, who did not burn anything down Polls, especially the SPD, were punished on a regular basis. So it was in a recent survey just one percentage point before the AfD. Since the entry of right-wing populists into the Bundestag, the parties are struggling to deal properly with their deputies. At one point a purely factual confrontation is needed, sometimes an emotional one. In addition to Özdemir, the group leader Katrin Göring-Eckardt caused a stir with a speech in the Bundestag on family reunification (in the video below). 

English content: Because explosives attacks on accommodation of asylum seekers and political opponents in Saxony, eight members of the right-wing Freital group have been sentenced to several years in prison. The Higher Regional Court Dresden after one year trial, all defendants guilty of, among other things, the formation of a terrorist group and imposed prison sentences between four and ten years. Because of ringleadership, defendants Timo S. and Patrick F. were given the highest sentences at ten and nine and a half years, respectively. The eight defendants were also found guilty of causing explosives explosions and attempted murder or aiding them. The verdict is not yet legally binding. At the time of the crime, Justin S., who was only 18 years old and had testified extensively in the trial, received a youth liberty sentence of four years. The only woman in the group, 29-year-old Maria K., was sentenced to five and a half years in prison. The remaining four convicts, aged 27, 30, 39 and 40 years, received prison sentences of between eight and five years. They all have been in custody since November 2015 and spring 2016. "Climate of fear and repression" The court saw it as proven that the group due to right-wing sentiment in changing cast and participation in 2015 a total of five explosives attacks on refugee housing and political opponents in Freital and Dresden. Members of the group had blown up the car of a Freitaler left city council and attacked the party office of the left in the Dresden suburb. Czech pyrotechnics not allowed in Germany were exploded on the windows of two refugee shelters in Freital. Together with representatives of the far-right "Free Kameradschaft Dresden" attacked some defendants also an alternative housing project of refugee supporters in Dresden.Under lucky circumstances, it was due to the fact that in the attacks people were not seriously injured or even killed, the prosecutor had executed. The group wanted to create "a climate of fear and repression". The aim was to drive out foreigners. The deeds were based on a xenophobic, extreme right and partly National Socialist ideology. The federal prosecutor's office had demanded for the eight defendants between five years of juvenile punishment and eleven years in prison. The defense, however, had rejected the accusation of membership in a terrorist organization and the attempted murder and required significantly lower penalties. In the video: The hate preachers from Freital 
 English-2 content:Due to bomb attacks on the accommodation of asylum seekers and political opponents in Saxony, eight members of the right-wing Freital Group were sentenced to several years in prison. The Dresden Higher Regional Court, after a one-year legal process, has convicted all defendants, inter alia, of forming a terrorist group and imposing prison sentences of between four and ten years. The defendants Timo S. and Patrick F. received because of their leadership the highest prison terms after ten or nine and a half years. The eight defendants were also convicted for causing explosives explosions and attempted murder or aiding them. The judgment is not yet legally binding. At the time of the crime, Justin S., who was only 18 years old and had testified extensively in the process, received a four-year youth sentence. The only woman in the group, 29-year-old Maria K., was sentenced to five and a half years in prison. The other four convicts, aged 27, 30, 39 and 40 years, received prison terms of between eight and five years. They are all in custody since November 2015 and spring 2016. "Climate of fear and repression" The court saw it as proven that the group due to right-wing extremism in changing occupation and participation in 2015 a total of five explosives attacks on refugees carried out housing and political opponents in Freital and Dresden. Members of the group had blown up the car of a Freitaler left city council and attacked the party office of the left in the Dresden suburb. Czech pyrotechnics, which is not allowed in Germany, was exploded on the windows of two refugee camps in Freital. Together with representatives of the far-right "Free Kameradschaft Dresden", some defendants also attacked an alternative housing project of refugee supporters in Dresden. Fortunately, this was due to the fact that in the attacks, no people were seriously injured or even killed, the prosecutor had executed. The group wanted to create "a climate of fear and oppression". The goal was to expel foreigners. The deeds were based on a xenophobic, extreme right and partially National Socialist ideology. The federal prosecutor's office had demanded for the eight defendants between five years juvenile punishment and eleven years imprisonment. However, the defense had rejected the allegation of membership in a terrorist group and attempted murder and demanded significantly lower sentences. In the video: The hate preachers from Freital 

English content: The captain of Fiorentina, Davide Astori, was found dead in a hotel room on Sunday. The footballer was 31 years old. The cause of death is not yet clear. 
 English-2 content:The captain of Fiorentina, Davide Astori, was found dead in a hotel room on Sunday. The football player was 31 years old. The cause of death is not yet clear. 

English content: The Swiss have voted against the abolition of publicly funded broadcasting by a clear majority. This shows a first extrapolation after the referendum. Accordingly, 71 percent of voters voted against abolishing the license fees and also prohibit any other public funding of radio and television programs. The vote was the culmination of part of violent months of discussions. The topic has strongly polarized the Swiss public. The impetus for the referendum came from the initiative "No Billag". Billag is the Swiss fee collection center, the counterpart to the German contribution service. The "No Billag" supporters argued that fee-financed broadcasting was too expensive or even unnecessary. In addition, responsible citizens themselves are in a position to decide which media they use and for which they want to pay. The proposal of the "No Billag" supporters for the financing of the Swiss Broadcasting SRG was: more advertising and more payment concepts as in private broadcasters and streaming services. A majority of the Swiss voters have now apparently refused. Just in the past few weeks, the supporters of the fee-financed broadcasting had louder. They emphasized in particular that independent broadcasting was essential for a functioning democracy. It has already been decided that the amount of the license fee will be significantly reduced from currently around 450 francs (around 390 euros) from 2019 onwards. The broadcaster SRG has also announced further austerity measures. 
 English-2 content:The Swiss voted by a clear majority against the abolition of publicly financed broadcasting. This shows a first extrapolation after the referendum. Thus, 71 percent of voters voted to abolish royalties and ban any other public financing of radio and television programs. The vote was the culmination of a period of intense months of discussion. The topic has strongly polarized the Swiss public. The initiative for the referendum came from the initiative "No Billag". Billag is the Swiss debt collection center, the counterpart to the German contribution service. The proponents of "No Billag" argued that fee-financed broadcasting was too expensive or unnecessary. In addition, the responsible citizens themselves are in a position to decide which media they use and for which they want to pay. The proposal of the "no billag" supporters for the financing of the SRG Switzerland was: more advertising and more payment concepts than for private broadcasters and streaming services. A majority of Swiss voters apparently rejected this. Just in recent weeks, the supporters of the fee-financed radio had louder. They emphasized in particular that independent broadcasting is essential for a functioning democracy. It has already been decided that from 2019 the amount of the license fee will be significantly reduced from currently around 450 francs (around 390 euros). The transmitter SRG has announced further austerity measures. 

English content: The SPD votes for the grand coalition. Almost two-thirds of all votes cast are attributable to the "Pro Groko" camp in the membership decision. The opponents of the coalition are subject. The SPD base has cleared the way for a new grand coalition led by CDU leader Angela Merkel. The SPD members voted in the membership decision with a majority of 66.02 percent for the negotiated with the CDU / CSU coalition agreement, as the SPD in Berlin Willy-Brandt-Haus announced.Olaf Scholz, the acting party chairman and designated vice-chancellor said: "We now have clarity, the SPD will enter the next federal government. " The party has grown together in recent weeks. The SPD would send three male and three female ministers to the government. The designated SPD chairman Andrea Nahles speaks of a good result. "I am glad that it happened now." A new edition of the grand coalition was in the SPD until recently heavily controversial. In guest contributions for t-online.de the Bundestag deputy Johannes Kahrs and the member of the Bundestag Hilde Mattheis had set out the different positions. Young chairman Kevin Kühnert was disappointed in a first reaction of the result. He had mobilized with other nationwide against the grand coalition. SPD Secretary General Lars Klingbeil, however, expressed relief on the vote of the members. He is a prominent proponent of the grand coalition. Chancellor Angela Merkel congratulated the SPD on the decision. "I congratulate the SPD on this clear result and look forward to further cooperation for the benefit of our country," the CDU quoted its chairman in a Twitter message. CDU vice-chairman Thomas Strobl called the vote "act of reason". CSU boss Horst Seehofer said the result was "a good basis for a stable federal government." The result in detail: - 378,437 votes cast, of which 363,494 valid votes - 78.39 percent turnout - 66.02 percent approval round 120 from the state associations seconded volunteers had counted the ballots on the night of Sunday under notary supervision. Among the helpers was Kevin Kühnert's grandfather. On March 12, the designated SPD leader Andrea Nahles wants to call the staff proposals for the six Social Democratic ministers. The occupation of the Foreign Ministry, which so far has been headed by Sigmar Gabriel, is viewed with particular tension. Probably on March 14, CDU leader Angela Merkel will then again be elected Federal Chancellor. Dear Readers, Unfortunately we can not provide the comment function on certain topics and in increased volume. Why this is so, you will learn in a statement of the editorship.Recent reader discussions and comments can be found on our overview page. 
 English-2 content:The SPD elects the grand coalition. Almost two-thirds of all votes cast are attributable to the "Pro Groko" camp in the membership decision. The opponents of the coalition are subject. The SPD base has cleared the way for a new grand coalition under the leadership of CDU leader Angela Merkel. The SPD members voted in the membership decision by a majority of 66.02 percent for the CDU / CSU negotiated coalition agreement, as the SPD in Berlin Willy-Brandt-Haus announced.Olaf Scholz, the incumbent party chairman and designated vice-chancellor, said "We now have clarity, the SPD will move into the next federal government." The party has grown together in recent weeks. The SPD sent three male and three female ministers to the government. The designated SPD chairman Andrea Nahles speaks of a good result. "I'm glad it happened now." A new edition of the Grand Coalition was in the SPD until recently highly controversial. In guest contributions for t-online.de the Bundestag member Johannes Kahrs and the member of parliament Hilde Mattheis had explained the different positions. Young chairman Kevin Kühnert was disappointed with a first reaction of the result. He had mobilized with others nationwide against the grand coalition. However, SPD General Secretary Lars Klingbeil expressed relief over the votes of the members. He is a prominent proponent of the Grand Coalition. Chancellor Angela Merkel congratulated the SPD on the decision. "I congratulate the SPD on this clear result and look forward to further cooperation for the benefit of our country," the CDU quoted its chairman in a Twitter message. CDU Vice President Thomas Strobl called the vote "act of reason". CSU leader Horst Seehofer said the result was "a good basis for a stable federal government". The result in detail: - 378,437 votes cast, of which 363,494 valid votes - 78.39 percent turnout - 66.02 percent approval round 120 volunteers seconded by the state associations had counted the ballots on the night of Sunday under notary supervision. The helpers included Kevin Kühnert's grandfather. On March 12, the designated SPD leader Andrea Nahles wants to name the staff proposals for the six Social Democratic ministers. The occupation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which was previously led by Sigmar Gabriel, is viewed with particular tension. On March 14, CDU leader Angela Merkel is likely to be re-elected Federal Chancellor. Dear Reader, Unfortunately, we are unable to provide commentary on specific topics and to an increased extent. Why this is so, you will find out in an editorial opinion. Current reader reviews and comments can be found on our overview page. 

English content: Davide Astori, captain of the Italian first division club Fiorentina, has been found dead. The 31-year-old died in the city of Udine, where Florence should compete against the local club on Sunday. His teammates found their dead captain in his hotel room early in the morning. According to the official investigator in Udine, a "natural death due to heart failure" is likely. "The Fiorentina is deeply shocked to announce that its master Davide Astori has died," the club said. "Due to the terrible and difficult situation, and above all out of respect for his family, the sensitivity of each individual is appealed." The center-back, born in Lombardy in northern Italy, began his career in the AC Milan Youth Academy, but never played a professional match for the Rossoneri. His first league debut, he celebrated in 2008 at Cagliari Calcio. After six years, he moved to AS Roma for one year, then to Florence in 2015. Only recently, the 14-time Italian international had extended his contract there until 2022. Astori leaves a wife and a daughter. Numerous clubs, associations and companions condoled. The Italian Football Association canceled all Serie A and Serie B Sunday games. Gianluigi Buffon, who claims to barely speak publicly about other people, now feels that he has "to make an exception to this rule" - for the family, but especially for the young girl, who needs to know that his father is in every respect "a respectable man, a great, honorable man" had been. 
 English-2 content:Davide Astori, captain of the Italian first division Fiorentina, was found dead. The 31-year-old died in the city of Udine, where Florence should compete against the local club on Sunday. His teammates found their dead captain in his hotel room early in the morning. According to the official investigator in Udine, a "natural death due to heart failure" is likely. "The Fiorentina is deeply shocked that their champion Davide Astori died," said the club. "Due to the terrible and difficult situation, and above all out of respect for his family, the sensitivity of each individual is addressed." The center-back, born in northern Italy's Lombardy, began his career at the AC Milan Youth Academy, but never played a professional game for the Rossoneri. His first league debut, he celebrated in 2008 at Cagliari Calcio. After six years, he moved to AS Roma for one year and to Florence in 2015. Just recently, the 14-time Italian international had extended his contract until 2022. Astori leaves a wife and a daughter. Numerous clubs, associations and attendants condoled. The Italian Football Association has canceled all Serie A and Serie B Sunday games. Gianluigi Buffon, who claims barely speaking publicly about other people, now feels that he needs to "make an exception to this rule" - for the family, but especially for the young girl who needs to know that his father is in every way is "A decent man, a great, honorable man" had been. 

English content: Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier has spoken out against a gender-neutral reformulation of the national anthem. "No, I'm not in favor of changing the wording," said Steinmeier of the "Saarbrücker Zeitung". Equal Opportunity Commissioner Kristin Rose-Möhring had suggested on the occasion of International Women's Day on Thursday to replace "homeland" in the text of the national anthem "Vaterland" and "brotherly" by "courageous". The proposal had sparked a heated discussion. Even Chancellor Angela Merkel already positioned against.Warum Steinmeier against a change is open. According to "Saarbrücker newspaper" he had continued after the short, concise answer. A ministry spokesman had previously called the proposal of the Equal Opportunity Commissioner a "personal contribution" that he could not comment on. It was an "internal letter to the staff" of the SPD-led Ministry Steinmeier positioned in the conversation with the "Saarbrücken newspaper" in contrast to the rejection of foreigners by the Essen board. He promoted a differentiated view. "It's not all down to the amount of government transfer payments," he said allegations that social policy was responsible for growing poverty and crowding the plaques. "But it is also clear: The policy must ensure that there is no competition of the needy, which then also expresses aggressive." The aid organization in Essen had excluded foreigners as new customers from the food. She argued that their share among beneficiaries was well above their average for all those in need, so it should be scaled back. In addition, individuals had jostled and so deterred other needy. 
 English-2 content:Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier has spoken out against a gender-neutral reformulation of the national anthem. "No, I'm not in favor of changing the wording," said Steinmeier of the "Saarbrücker Zeitung". Equal Opportunity Commissioner Kristin Rose-Möhring proposed on the occasion of International Women's Day on Thursday to replace "Heimat" in the text of the national anthem "Vaterland" and "fraternal" with "courageous". The proposal had triggered a heated discussion. Even Chancellor Angela Merkel has already positioned itself against Why Steinmeier against a change. According to "Saarbrücker Zeitung" he had continued after the short, concise answer. A spokesman for the ministry had previously described the proposal of the Equal Opportunities Officer as a "personal contribution" to which he could not comment. It was an "internal letter to the employees" of the SPD-led ministry Steinmeier, which was in conversation with the "Saarbrücker Zeitung" in contrast to the rejection of foreigners by the Essen board. He promoted a differentiated view. "It's not just the amount of government payments," he said, that social policy was responsible for the growing poverty and overpopulation of the plaques. "But it is also clear that the policy must ensure that there is no competition of the needy, which then expresses itself aggressively." The aid organization in Essen had excluded foreigners as new customers from the catering. She argued that her share among beneficiaries was well above the average for all those in need, so she should be reduced. In addition, people had incited other needy people and thus prevented. 

English content: The former Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer (Greens) moves individual politicians of the AfD in the vicinity of National Socialists. "Not everyone who chooses the AfD is a Nazi. But unfortunately, there are many Nazis in this party. Or how do we call Mr. Höcke or Jens Maier or some others there? ", Said Fischer in the WORLD AM SUNDAY interview. Fischer, who has worked as a consultant for more than a decade since leaving active politics, calls for a "tough political debate" with the AfD. Fischer spoke out against the spread of a new nationalism. In particular, he explains the rise of the AfD with the uncertainty of many people. "What I do not understand is this: In Germany, we have already tasted all this to the bitter end. We have experienced the Third Reich! There is no force in recent German history that has destroyed Germany as much as radical nationalism, "continued Fischer. "And now all this filth comes up again." There had been a structural change that would go on, and its concomitant phenomenon was the new nationalism. "You can feel that something is obviously changing globally. You want to defend what you have. So: drawbridges up, windows closed, leave us alone, refugees, stay away! The old nationalism was aggressive, it wanted to conquer the world, dominate and has done so. The new nationalism is driven by fear. That does not make him more likeable. But it arranges him accordingly, "says Fischer. 
 English-2 content:The former Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer (Greens) attracts individual AfD politicians close to National Socialists. "Not everyone who chooses the AfD is a Nazi, but unfortunately many Nazis are in that party, or what do we call Mr. Höcke or Jens Maier or others?" Fischer said in an interview with WORLD AM SUNDAY. Fischer, who has been advising for more than a decade, calls for a "tough political debate" with the AfD. Fischer spoke out against the spread of a new nationalism. In particular, he explains the rise of the AfD with the insecurity of many people. "What I do not understand is this: In Germany, we have tasted it all to the bitter end, we have experienced the Third Reich! In recent German history, there is no power that has destroyed Germany as much as radical nationalism", he continued, Fischer. "And now all this dirt comes up again." There had been a structural change that was to go on, and its concomitant was the new nationalism. "You feel something is obviously changing globally, you want to defend what you have, so: drawbridge high, window shut, leave us alone, refugees, stay away! The old nationalism was aggressive, it wanted to conquer the world, dominate it and he has done that, the new nationalism is driven by fear, which does not make him more sympathetic, but he arranges it accordingly, "says Fischer. 

English content: Unlike the UK, the European Union wants to conclude a conventional trade agreement with London after Brexit. This is the outcome of the draft negotiating directives which EU Council President Donald Tusk intends to present on Wednesday. He thus contradicts what British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday. The EU warned Great Britain about Brexit's "negative economic impact". He would "inevitably lead to friction" in mutual trade relations. The depth of future relations was limited because of Brexit. Because the British want to excrete from the internal market and from the Customs Union after the EU exit in 2019, it says in the draft. No free access for banks "raisin pecking" is not possible - not even, as desired by May, with the Access to the internal market only in individual economic sectors. This would undermine the integrity and functioning of the internal market, it goes on to say. Also for the banks from the Kingdom there should not be free access to the internal market. The British government had hoped that the banks from the City of London could operate in the future as freely in the EU countries as before. The Brexit had recently lost approval in the UK. However, Theresa May rejects a second vote on Britain's exit from the EU. 
 English-2 content:Unlike the United Kingdom, the European Union wants to conclude a conventional trade agreement with London after Brexit. This is the result of the draft negotiating directives that EU Council President Donald Tusk intends to present on Wednesday. He is contradicting what British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday. The EU warned Britain against the "negative economic impact" of Brexit. It would inevitably lead to friction in mutual trade relations. The depth of future relationships was limited because of Brexit. Because the British want to leave the EU and the customs union after the EU exit in 2019, according to the draft. No free access for banks "raisin pecking" is not possible - not even, as requested in May, with access to the internal market only in individual economic sectors. This would undermine the integrity and functioning of the internal market, he continues. Nor should there be free access to the internal market for the banks of the Kingdom. The British government had hoped that the banks of the City of London could continue to operate freely in the EU countries as before. Brexit recently lost regulatory approval in the UK. Theresa May, however, rejects a second vote on Britain's exit from the EU. 

